   #[1]publisher [2]Metal Injection » SLIPKNOT's Corey Taylor Says Phil
   Anselmo Controversy Is Part of A Bigger Problem In Metal Comments Feed
   [3]alternate [4]alternate

   [5]Metal Injection
   Share This:
   [6][menu.png] [7][search.png]
     * [8]Home
     * [9]Video
          +

                      [10]Latest Videos Listing
                      [11]All Channels

              Popular Channels
                      [12]Music Videos
                      [13]Metal Injection Exclusives
                      [14]Live Footage
                      [15]br00tal Comedy
                      [16]ASK THE ARTIST
                      [17]Kids In Metal
                      [18]Pit Full of Shit Live Footage
                      [19]Rockumentary
                      [20]Show Your Skills

              Original Series
                      [21]Louder Education
                      [22]On The Record
                      [23]Countdown
                      [24]Spotlight

     * [25]News
          +

                      [26]Tour Dates
                      [27]New Albums Out This Week
                      [28]Audio/Video
                      [29]Reviews
                      [30]Upcoming Releases
                      [31]Around the Interwebs (Funny)
                      [32]Lists
                      [33]Editorials

     * [34]Podcasts
          +

                      [35]Latest Podcasts
                      [36]Metal Injection Livecast
                      [37]Decibel's Extremely Extreme Podcast
                      [38]MSRcast
                      [39]Open Metacast
                      [40]Relapse Records Podcast
                      [41]Heavy Metal Happy Hour
                      [42]Hand Ov Doom

     * [43]Reviews
     * [44]Photos
     * [45]Contests
     * [46]Merch

   Submit ____________________

     * [47]Facebook
     * [48]Twitter
     * [49]You Tube
     * [50]Instagram
     * [51]Tumblr
     * [52]Google
     * [53]iTunes
     * [54]App Store
     * [55]RSS

     * [56]Music Videos
     * [57]Funny Videos
     * [58]Tour Dates
     * [59]Kids In Metal
     * [60]Metal Injection Livecast
     * [61]Rockumentary

   [62]Opeth, backstage, late autumn 1997, London. L–R: Mikael, Martin L,
   Martin M, Peter. © Peter Lindgren

Here's A Gallery Of Old School OPETH Photos

   [63]taste of metal

Our New Cooking Show – Coming Next Week

   [64]Five Finger Death Punch

FIVE FINGER DEATH PUNCH Respond To Their Label's Lawsuit

   [65]Whitechapel Mark of the Blade

WHITECHAPEL Unveil New Track "Mark Of The Blade"


[66]Drama

   [67]« Back to News

SLIPKNOT's Corey Taylor Says Phil Anselmo Controversy Is Part of A Bigger
Problem In Metal

   Posted by [68]Robert Pasbani on February 10, 2016 at 3:56 pm
   [69]Share on Facebook [70]Share on Twitter [71]E-mail
   Corey Taylor Slipknot

   Regardless on your feelings about the aftermath, I think we can all
   agree that what Phil Anselmo did a few weeks ago was unequivocally
   wrong. For those who just awoke out of a coma, he[72] shouted "white
   power" and gave the Nazi salute. Anselmo has [73]apologized numerous
   [74]times and will face a long road of rebuilding his image. The true
   aftermath of the incident was seeing all these racists come out of
   nowhere validating his stupid message. Slipknot's Corey Taylor feels
   there is no place for such racism in heavy metal.

   In a new feature for UK's [75]The Guardian where he answered fan
   questions, Taylor was asked what his reaction to the Anselmo video was.
   Taylor admitted he hadn't seen it, but said it was part of a bigger
   problem in the scene:

     I’ve been watching this all and I’ve kept mum for the most part,
     because I wasn’t there. So I don’t know the background on what
     happened, I haven’t seen the video of it – though I’ve been told by
     many people that it’s blatant, and there’s no way to misrepresent
     what was done.

     I will say this. This is a bigger problem than what happened that
     night. Slipknot has dedicated itself to bringing people together, to
     fighting racism, to fighting hate in general since the day we were
     started. I don’t have time for people who judge other people by the
     colour of their skin. If that in itself offends some of my fans,
     then I’m sorry, you’re wrong. I don’t ever want our fans to feel
     like we’re judging them because of colour, religion, culture,
     upbringing, etc. We welcome everyone, we always have and we always
     will.

     I know there is a problem in metal, and it all comes down to, at
     least in America, where you grow up and what that culture is passed
     on from: parents, family members, friends, adults. It’s a
     generational thing. I thought we were close to phasing it out, but
     unfortunately I was proven wrong. So I just dedicate myself to
     fighting it. It’s across the board in music, though – it’s not a
     specifically metal thing. But it has come up in the metal community.
     It’s risen its ugly head because of the incident we’re talking
     about.

     But I’ve not only played a lot of metal shows, I’ve been to a lot of
     metal shows, and I know for a fact they are quite diverse and they
     always have been. We welcome the tribe of misfits – we’re the island
     of misfit toys, and we always have been. It will take very little to
     eradicate racism from metal because the majority of it isn’t racist.

   So that's what Corey Taylor thinks, if you were wondering.

   [76]What do you think? Leave a Comment →
   [77]Share on Facebook [78]Share on Twitter [79]E-mail

Sponsored Links from Around the Internet

COMMENTS

     * Katy Daigler
       This is why I adore slipknot and Corey Taylor. I'm a 17yr old white
       female who faces racism on a daily basis. I am dating a black male
       and I get all the hate from random by standers. It's disgusting and
       I wish it never exsisted. I have a good friend who is black and
       loves metal! But she faces male metal heads bashing on her because
       of her color and for the face she is a female and she likes metal.
       I greatly appriciate Slipknot for being against racism along with
       many other metal bands. I love you guys keep rocking! m/
          + Dammage
            Is this copypasta?
          + Motley King
            Katy,
            Sorry to hear about your struggles by random by standers.
            They're walking pieces of shit. As for your friend, those that
            hate on her have bigger issues in their lives because they are
            traditionally the pricks in the pit throwing punches. Let's
            just put it this way, me and the boys take care of these
            bastards in the pit. I've seen first hand the hate and don't
            tolerate it as I have been in the scene for over 20 years.
            Most of the fans show nothing but love, but like in everyday
            society there's always the few scumbags that will get theirs.
            Stay loyal and rock on!
               o Nice try
                 Ooh, you and the bois take care of business in the pit.
                 Way to go! Never knew that was the difference maker for
                 the change we needed. Something makes me think those you
                 abuse in the pit, only want to fight back instead of
                 saying oh I get it. I need to change my whole life views
                 so I can mosh. Pfft
          + aikhooligan
            no white man would have you. so, go ahead and muddy the gene
            pool and make your parents proud. what a champion of diversity
            you are. you are a shill for zionism. well done.
               o Fuckthisguy
                 And what a shill for ignorance you are. Keep being angry
                 at young girls you don't even know for no reason at all.
                 Well done.
                    # aikhooligan
                      where was the anger? i just called out a brainwashed
                      shill for talking nonsense. are you honestly saying
                      that race mixing doesn't muddy the gene pool? and
                      you have the nerve to call me ignorant. well done
                      indeed, pip squeak.
                         @ Fuckthisguy
                           You insulted her for no reason, seemed angry to
                           me, but maybe more disrespectful than anything.
                           I'll call you ignorant again for telling a kid
                           (well a kid compared to me) that no white man
                           would want them just because of how they look.
                           If race mixing muddies up the gene pool then
                           what's your excuse for how you turned out?
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i congratulated her, "what a champion of
                           diversity you are. you are a shill for zionism.
                           well done." that is a far cry from being
                           insulting or disrespectful. she chose her
                           pitiful life, "I'm a 17yr old white female who
                           faces racism on a daily basis. I am
                           dating a black male and I get all the hate from
                           random by standers.". so, i am not sorry that
                           she has to lay down in the bed that she made
                           for herself.
                           i have perfect DNA to breed with, because my
                           parents are both perfect specimens of the white
                           race. i had no reason to cry about nonsense
                           when i was 17. clearly i was raised very well
                           and i make no apologies for this.
                           " If race mixing muddies up the gene pool then
                           what's your excuse for how you turned out?"
                           what's with the insult?
                           i guess you have nothing intelligent to say,
                           pip squeak.
                         @ Fuckthisguy
                           Haha, perfect specimens of the white race…now
                           there's an oxymoron if I've heard one.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           you clearly hate white people. well done,
                           racist.
                         @ Fuckthisguy
                           I don't hate anyone. I'm a white guy who
                           believes you shouldn't hate someone because
                           they don't look how you want them to. Clearly
                           we don't see eye to eye there so it's time I
                           fade into obscurity. Enjoy your perfect life
                           with your perfect DNA.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i will, cheers.
                         @ Black trash
                           I hate every race, does that make me racist?
                         @ more beer
                           Nope as long as you hate everyone equally.
                         @ Black trash
                           Yeah!!!!! :)
                           [80]https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/50729b
                           a57ebbdf50893e515efd05b0315bf285f844fba100b6e69
                           b9c0d980537.gif
                         @ more beer
                           You know it's all about the equality.
                         @ Michael Biddlecom
                           Truthfully you all need to stop, I'm not saying
                           why but you just need to believe me. She deals
                           with enough and this Shit online and gonna
                           help. I actually know her, she has gone through
                           enough and she doesn't need you guys making it
                           worse. So for the sake of god y'all need to
                           stop.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           maybe she should keep off of the computer. it
                           seems that her big mouth is her worst enemy.
                           she is the one that needs to stop. cheers.
                         @ ヒロユキ
                           Oh I did Nazi this coming…
                         @ Gadriel
                           But did you see kyle?
                         @ MoreBabyMetalThanYou
                           Muddy? Shut yo ass bitch.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           yo? i don't understand ebonics. try english.
                         @ MoreBabyMetalThanYou
                           Snarf snarf
                         @ aikhooligan
                           stop smoking crack and try harder.
                    # MoreBabyMetalThanYou
                      His Call of Duty playing, double stack burrito
                      eating, anime loving, virgin ass won't have to worry
                      about muddying anyone's gene pool.
               o Christopher Richey
                 Put your hand on this screen.
                 Are you 'White?'
                 No.
                 You are not.
                 Nor, is ANYONE else.
                 You are a person of color.
                 Just like the rest of us.
                 So, fuck your 'gene pool.'
                 It appears to be muddy already.
                    # aikhooligan
                      i just looked in the mirror and i am still white.
                      white is the absence of color. so, look in the
                      mirror and if you are not white, then you are a
                      person of color. sorry to disturb you with actual
                      facts.
                         @ Christopher Richey
                           Nope.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           yep.
                         @ Christopher Richey
                           Then you have just exposed your 'mentality' in
                           contrast to your 'reality.'
                           You. Are. Not. White.
                           You are Melanin…and one of a thousand
                           variations of it.
                           If you believe that being 'white' is a special
                           kind of Human, then, know this:
                           The 'white' Humans are mere babies on this
                           planet.
                           And they are white by no other reason than the
                           multi-generational ice age that clouded the
                           Sun…which, ironically, only affects a very
                           small minority of the Human population that was
                           NOT affected by the Ice Age.
                           Adaptation is not difference.
                           Adaptation is not superiority.
                           Adaptation is nothing more than a
                           multi-generational sun burn.
                           As for your DNA…you are 'racially' equivalent
                           to every other Human on the planet…
                           Ideologically?
                           Well, that's YOUR brain…and that's all that it
                           is…YOUR brain.
                           Among Billions…
                           So…
                           Nope.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           "The 'white' Humans are mere babies on this
                           planet."
                           hmmm, ok. the australian aborigines said the
                           white man was already in australia when they
                           arrived. the same story in new zealand and the
                           same story in north america. hence why many of
                           the native languages have an irish origin.
                           what nonsense have you been reading? pip
                           squeak.
                           we are separated through race and DNA, however,
                           we are all human beings. as such, we are all
                           equal. this does not mean that we should
                           interbreed. diversity is maintaining the
                           integrity of all races.
                           so, i am sorry that i was born white and didn't
                           adapt to it later in life.
                           save your darwinisms for someone who cares.
                           cheers.
                         @ Christopher Richey
                           Sorry. Your diversions from reality are false.
                           Patently so, even. I'm not sure where you got
                           them but it does not matter.
                           Take your 'supremacy' and hug it until you feel
                           safe…and best of luck to you.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i am right and you are wrong. at least we can
                           all agree on that.
                         @ Christopher Richey
                           Um…no. We cannot.
               o [81]Matthew Case
                 Guys we found the racist.
                    # aikhooligan
                      guys we found the jew.
          + Someone had to say it
            I'd say this is all about attention, one way or the other… You
            don't see "everyone" in similar situations parading like they
            deserve a gold star for a selfie.
          + bloopdebloop
            Takes a shit, then takes a selfie. Why not just take a selfie
            with the shit?
          + Bazini
            Once you go black you ain't goin back #LongDickStyle
          + Bazini
            Once you go black you ain't going back #LongDickStyle
               o aikhooligan
                 you can't go back because no one will have you. just
                 thought i'd clear things up for you.
               o Black trash
                 Oh, be quiet with that bullshit!
          + ヒロユキ
            Wow, so much racist replies on this…even if this article
            clearly
            implies that it is against racism. Stay strong, Katy. Don't
            pay any
            attention to the scumbags in the community.
          + Oversensitive Millennial
            Another "special snowflake". F*** you.
          + Jewy Jewburg
            Prediction: two years from now, you're raising his baby alone
            because he's in jail for theft, drugs, or something of that
            nature.
               o aikhooligan
                 my guess is that she will end up being forced into
                 prostitution. she has been warned, only time will tell. i
                 hope poor katy keeps us updated. the odds are in our
                 favor.
     * Carl Young
       This is why I respect the hell out of Corey Taylor as a human being
       even more so as an artist, he's not afraid to speak truth to power
       and sees the bigger picture. I am a fan of SlipKnot and a fan of
       all different genres of music, Music should be about unification
       and is inclusive not about division and exclusion. I am proud of be
       a fan of SlipKnot…
          + bloopdebloop
            ALL different genres?
               o Carl Young
                 Yes, I would hope you don't just listen to just one style
                 of music? I could listen to Subliminal Verses one night
                 and listen to Mozart on another, it would depend on the
                 vibe and mood at the time.. That is what makes music so
                 wonderful to me.. But that is just me..
     * Carlos Haak
       No I was not. As always.
     * Mr. Nobody
       Corey Taylor laying it down… like 2 weeks after the fact! Still,
       good thoughts here… fuck racism!
     * G Nunchuk
       You don't have to be a fan to love Taylor's views, and his
       music…regardless of which project that comes out of. It's rare to
       find someone in the biz that will speak up. Well done Corey.
       Continued success
     * Tom Jones
       Good point Corey! Racism is also a part of a bigger problem of
       prejudice…And prejudice is part of not being open minded. Slipknot
       is brilliant because they are so open minded. Check out our music
       which is also OpeN
       MinDed:[82]https://soundcloud.com/aquatic-ape-196736544
     * Don Gato
       Who the hell cares about what says a clown?
          + Custer contradictory
            Exactly… at this point its almost like come out against Phil
            to oneself look better and get in the news.
     * cunt butter
       we get it, white power means phil needs years to rebuild his image,
       but Black panther anti cop beyonce does racist tribute during super
       bowl, and thats justfine… fuck off
          + bloopdebloop
            How was what Beyonce did racist?
               o cunt butter
                 hmmm, lets see, black power fist, black panther costume,
                 song bashing police… thats all ok, a drunk jerk off yells
                 white power and its bad? double standard. if you cant see
                 that your a fucking moron,
                    # bloopdebloop
                      Okay…so how is any of that racist?
                      Also, if you're going to call someone a moron, you
                      should probably learn the difference between your
                      and you're. My 7 year old nephew knows the
                      difference, so what's your excuse?
                         @ cunt butter
                           like i said faggot, your a fucking moron…and
                           you're grammar nazi bullshit proves it, get
                           aids and die in a fire, fucktard. you obviously
                           are to fucking dumb to see the double standard,
                           like a said a guilty white bitch, or a stupid
                           nigger. either way, get aids and drop dead
                           faggot
                         @ Black trash
                           Calling people insults won't help you in your
                           favor. I'm not saying your original comment is
                           wrong, but insulted people when they start
                           questioning you won't help.
                         @ Joshua Chap
                           Well you see that what children do when they
                           are scared and have nothing to back then up
                           with what dumb shit they say, so they use name
                           calling as a self defense. It pretty much
                           admits defeat
                         @ aikhooligan
                           look at the comments directed at me. so many
                           scared little shills screaming racist and
                           abusing me. oh the horror of it all. does that
                           mean i won the debate?
                         @ bloopdebloop
                           lol whatever you say, kid. You're obviously too
                           fucking dumb (or maybe that should read "to
                           fucking dumb" so it makes sense to you) to see
                           the irony in calling someone dumb while
                           spelling like a child, or to realize that
                           pointing out spelling mistakes does not make
                           one a grammar Nazi. Spelling is not grammar.
                           It's spelling. And you're terrible at it.
                    # Cuntbelieveit'snotbutter
                      It's "you're" not your…so maybe don't call someone a
                      moron if you can't get that right.
                      I would say, yes, white power is bad. Who wants to
                      align themselves with white supremacists who believe
                      their race is superior to all others? And not to
                      mention he threw in a Heil Hitler for good
                      measure…all without provocation. So to me…white
                      power+Hitler=not good.
                      The black power statement isn't as clear cut, if
                      Beyonce is aligning herself with the NBPP, then her
                      statement is also racist, because she would be
                      aligning herself with a black supremacy hate group.
                      If she's making a political stance against law
                      enforcement treating black people unfairly and
                      killing them for no reason and honouring Malcolm X,
                      then I personally don't believe it's racist…some may
                      disagree, which is fine. I feel like the lines are a
                      lot more blurred in this situation than it is with
                      whatever Anselmo was doing.
                      This is just my take on it as a white person who
                      doesn't believe we white people have it all that bad
                      just because we don't have a White History Month or
                      can't yell old hate filled slogans or flash a symbol
                      associated with one of history's notorious genocidal
                      maniacs in public.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           so, a black man kills a white cop and he is
                           honoring malcom x. but a white cop kills a
                           black man and he is a racist. clearly saying
                           white power is evil. i love your logic.
                           ps: did i use "your" correctly?
                         @ Cuntbelieveit'snotbutter
                           That's what you got out of that? If a black man
                           kills a white cop he is a murderer.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i saw you make an excuse for black people that
                           say black power, or who align themselves with
                           the NBPP.
                           doing the peace sign doesn't make you a hippie.
                           so, saying white power while doing the nazi
                           salute doesn't make you a racist.
                         @ Cuntbelieveit'snotbutter
                           I didn't make any excuses for people who align
                           themselves with the NBPP. I said if they do,
                           then they too are racist because the NBPP is a
                           black supremacy group.
                           I agree that saying white pride and doing a
                           Nazi salute doesn't make you a racist…saying
                           white power absolutely does, especially on more
                           than one occasion. All the defenders of lovable
                           Phil want to equate "white power" with taking
                           immense pride in your whiteness for some
                           reason, when that term is all about superiority
                           over all other races.
                           Did you read my post or did you see the words
                           racist, Malcolm X, Anselmo, Hitler and get all
                           agitated? If you hate blacks then that's your
                           prerogative, I just hope you have a good reason
                           to hate them other than they don't look the way
                           you do when you look in your sad little mirror.
                           And yes, you did use "your"
                           correctly…congratulations on showing off your
                           2nd grade education skills.
                           Your views are obviously extremely prejudiced
                           against non-whites, so I probably just wasted
                           my time by replying. Keep enjoying your
                           intolerant ways!
                         @ aikhooligan
                           my views are not prejudiced against anyone. all
                           races should stay in their country of birth and
                           not mix with other races. i guess it's only ok
                           for jews not to mix with other races.
                           "This is probably the first time and this is
                           the first country in which people are being
                           taught to realize that, of all the tasks which
                           we have to face, the noblest and most sacred
                           for mankind is that EACH racial species must
                           preserve the purity of the blood which God has
                           given it." – hitler
                           geez, how racist is that.
                           ps: i am glad that my 2nd grade education
                           skills are up to par.
                         @ Yourabitch
                           Guess people should bow down to your opinions,
                           to bad the world doesn't revolve around you.
                           Ignorant dick. Sorry I won't be around to
                           reply, really don't care what you have to say
                           back but by all means put your all you have
                           into it.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           your opinion is of great value to no one and
                           that is to be applauded. bye bye.
                         @ Cuntbelieveit'snotbutter
                           All races should stay in their country of
                           birth? So all white people should leave North
                           America?
                           Quoting Hitler too? Well, doesn't that just
                           make you a shining beacon for tolerance and
                           acceptance.
                         @ Black trash
                           If it's White power, Black Power, or even Asian
                           Power it would always be double standards to
                           the other race. I never understand having pride
                           for an race, if you didn't pick it yourself. In
                           the end of the day, your race pride is going to
                           be shit once you die,
                         @ more beer
                           I am by no means a cop supporter. But if you
                           are going to rob and beat up. Hard working
                           store owners. Then fight with the cops. You
                           should expect to get beat up, tazed or shot.
                           Supporting this type of behavior is just as bad
                           as being a racist.
                         @ Cuntbelieveit'snotbutter
                           Who said anything about supporting criminal
                           behaviour? If you are being fought or robbed or
                           someone pulls a weapon on you and your life is
                           in danger…defend yourself. If someone is
                           surrendering or just walking down the street or
                           even running away several cops should be able
                           to take them down without a kill shot. Or do
                           you feel they are criminals anyways and their
                           lives are destined to stay that way so who
                           cares if they are dead before they see their
                           15th, 20th or 30th birthdays?
               o cunt butter
                 my guess is your a guilty white bitch, or a racist black
                 jerk off….
                    # bloopdebloop
                      Sure. And judging by your shitty spelling skills, my
                      guess is you're no older than 10.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i am sure that cunt butter would win a spelling
                           bee against the compton allstars any day of the
                           week. i'd bet my house on it.
                         @ Dustin Neumann
                           Oh look . More racism . Man you guys are true
                           Trump supporters .
                         @ [83]Cool Chad McRad
                           stop being a faggot and find a girlfriend
                         @ aikhooligan
                           it really is sad that many of you hate white
                           people so much. what's with the racism? pip
                           squeak.
               o Dustin Neumann
                 It wasn't written for the white man of course. The white
                 man needs to be pandered to or his feelings get hurt :/
     * aikhooligan
       well corey, i guess we should all become useless junkie scum like
       you and your fellow drug addict band mates. what an inspiration and
       role model you all are. love the message, people=shit. does that
       include black people and jews, or only white people? douche bag
       zionist apologist.
          + aikhooligan=shit
            I think he was just talking about you when he wrote
            people=shit. Unfortunately, your name was too long so he knew
            how hard it would be for people to shout along, so he changed
            it.
               o aikhooligan
                 you really hurt my feelings. that's worse than imaginary
                 racism. now be like corey and go whack up some heroin,
                 pip squeak.
                    # aikhooligan=shit
                      What exactly is imaginary racism? Enlighten us all.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           imaginary racism=being proud of your white
                           heritage and saying white power while doing the
                           nazi salute.
                         @ aikhooligan=shit
                           White power is the call for separation of the
                           races and the ideology that other races are
                           inferior. Seems like real racism to me.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           white power is the call for separation of the
                           races and the ideology that the noblest and
                           most sacred thing for mankind is that each
                           racial species must preserve the purity of the
                           blood which God has given it.
                           and that's not racism. it's common sense.
                         @ aikhooligan=shit
                           So you just took the first part of the
                           definition of the guy who actually coined the
                           term "white power" and then mashed it up with
                           some shit Hitler said to come up with your own
                           personal conclusion of the term so you can
                           conveniently say it's not racist? Ok then.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           don't cry because i am so smart. just admit
                           that you got owned royally and i won the
                           debate. clearly saying "white power" is not
                           racist at all. cheers.
                         @ aikhooligan=shit
                           In online debates, especially on a site like
                           this, everyone loses.
                         @ aikhooligan
                           i clearly won.
     * stuff & things
       "Slipknot has dedicated itself to bringing people together to
       fighting hate in general since the day we were started." What? Why
       you always lyin'?
          + aikhooligan
            yes, we all had a massive laugh at that one. i never did see a
            slipknot song called peace, love and happiness. it's all
            filth, as far as i can see.
               o Jean-Christophe
                 Come on, read between the lines. Anyway, to send off a
                 huge middle finger in the face of "the institution" or
                 christianity is not like persecuting a group of people
                 being oppressed in any way. They are actually denouncing
                 the oppressor and the strenght of that anger relates to
                 hatred… but the point is it is done in a cathartic way,
                 not a violent one. You know. Like colonialism and
                 national socialism…
     * kuntface
       only problem with these "statements" are that they don't really
       represent the real person, only the person who is constantly in
       touch with the media. perhaps the private person has a different
       opinion but he cannot say it because it would classify him as a
       racist. this is common behavior with politicians, athletes, actors
       etc.. they have to take care of their public image and cannot have
       "negative" opinions about, well, almost anything. in private people
       are very different.
       if mr. taylor would publicly say that he supports mr. anselmo in
       this matter, it would cause irreversible damage to Slipknot and
       their business. so of course he says he don't condone this message.
       it's bad for business.
          + Angry Tom
            And Anselmo's "message" is racist and stupid, which is enough
            reason to distance oneself from it. I doubt Corey Taylor wants
            to align himself with ignorance either publicly or privately.
     * KMFCM
       I am glad he mentioned that this is not a specifically metal thing.
       Too many other people are trying to spin it as if it is.
          + Dustin Neumann
            You haven't read the comments i take it …..
     * steve shoesmith
       Guys my best friend and moshpit brother is black we go to every gig
       we can together and I am native peoples
     * steve shoesmith
       Hey guys to finish what I said that I never even look at the colour
       of his skin and we just got back from seeing slipknot in London I
       never thought that people would judge anyone especially at a
       slipknot gig like Corey said the music brings us together and I'm
       really shy and I was talking and jumping around with people I don't
       know that Asimov is a dick
     * Joel Nair
       It's been scientifically proven that there is no such thing as race
       to begin with.
          + aikhooligan
            there is no "human race" but many different races, that should
            not mix with each other. i think that's the scientific fact
            you were thinking of. glad to help.
               o TreyP
                 Race is a social construct. The genetic differences
                 between people of different "races" is infinitesimal. We
                 are one species with different concentrations of melanin
                 depending on the region. Its really not a difficult
                 concept.
                    # Einar
                      Wrong. While race is social constructed to sustain
                      stereotypes and prejudice and ignorance it is -also-
                      a biological reality which is why scientists can
                      establish the race of a perpetrator with nothing
                      more than a trace of DNA. Try reading the science
                      instead of the lies of the media every once in a
                      while and sharing these with others as brainwashed
                      as you clearly are.
          + Einar
            No, it hasn't. Scientists can establish the race of a
            perpetrator with a trace of DNA and yet you buy liberal mythic
            narratives about race as if they are divine truth? People like
            you are an embarrassment to mature and rational discussion. It
            isn't scientists who say race is not real but post-structural
            social scientists – that is, political ideologues – but thank
            you for demonstrating your sheer ignorance.
               o [84]Justahusk
                 Well, the thing is that the definition of the word "race"
                 is not as clear cut as one would think. Geographic
                 separation of two groups of the same species can be
                 enough to separate them into two different "races" for
                 classification purposes. And yes, there are slight
                 biological differences between people from different
                 places, but the few papers i have checked out on the
                 subject have marked them as "not interesting". So in a
                 way you can say that there are different human races, but
                 they have no significant differences from each other, and
                 the term in itself can mean many different things.
                    # Dustin Neumann
                      Link to All these "papers" you speak of .
                         @ [85]Justahusk
                           [86]http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F
                           978-1-4684-9063-3_14
                           Could only find this now. I must admit that i'm
                           not sure if i read the formulation of "not
                           interesting" from this one, or if i heard or
                           read it some place else. The point still stands
                           though. This text say that 85% of the
                           biological differences find place within the
                           traditional racialgroups, while only 15% finds
                           place between them.
                         @ Einar
                           You link to a paper from 1972 that is today the
                           subject of critique and ridicule among many a
                           lay and scientist mimd alike.
                           Richard Dawkins says of the paper:
                           "However small the racial partition of the
                           total variation may be, if such racial
                           characteristics as there are highly correlate
                           with other racial characteristics, they are by
                           definition informative, and therefore of
                           taxonomic significance"
                         @ [87]Justahusk
                           "Taxonomic significance" only means that it has
                           enough substance to classify people as
                           different from each other. He doesn't sau
                           anything about what the differenses are.
                           And to be honest, this is not ny field of
                           study. I haven't read carefully about this, but
                           just briefly checked some stuff out.
                         @ Einar
                           "He doesn't sau anything about what the
                           differenses are."
                           Actually, he does. That quote comes from a book
                           in which Dawkins talks about genetic variance
                           among the races and here he criticises
                           Lewontin's paper in -direct response- to its
                           dubious claim that because the differences are
                           only slight it must be unnecessary to
                           categorize people by race.
                           I selected -one- among -many- critics of
                           Lewontin's paper and you still seem to hold
                           fast to its flawed methodology like it is
                           divine truth. What you are doing here is
                           analogous with climate change deniers finding a
                           single paper that has been dissected and
                           dismissed by others and waving it in the faces
                           of your opponents as if by virtue of that and
                           of that alone you have magically won the war.
                           Lewontin is an ideologue. Any scientist with
                           integrity seeks the truth and not distortions
                           of such to support their politics and
                           principles. And that goes for extremists at
                           either left or right ends of the spectrum.
                           "And to be honest, this is not ny field of
                           study."
                           Then don't claim that race isn't a biological
                           reality as if you know what you are talking
                           about.
                           As somebody with Aboriginal Australian blood
                           and therefore more susceptible to certain
                           illnesses I can assure you that the good
                           intentions of the liberal idiot herd to do away
                           with race will have and have already had
                           catastrophic consequences for others.
                         @ [88]Justahusk
                           Okey, dude. I have enough understanding of how
                           academia works to know when it's not fruitful
                           for me to continue and support my argument (I
                           just don't know enough to compete wih you), and
                           i would also like to know what differences
                           Dawkins are talking about! So please enlighten
                           me.
                           But i will say that the way race have effected
                           the world, through racism, slavery, white pride
                           and so one, is mostly a social construct. By
                           that i mean that no matter how big or small the
                           differences biologically are, it doesn't
                           legitimize the way a lot of people, blacks in
                           particulare, have gone through. In anthropology
                           (inspired by Gregory Bateson) we talk about "a
                           difference which makes a difference" as a way
                           to seperate "us" and "them". The differences,
                           in theory, doesn't have to be big at all, but
                           as long as one group finds the differences
                           significant they will separate people. A very
                           simple example would be if e.g. red hair was
                           the criteria for inclusion. The two people can
                           be similare in almost everything, but the red
                           hair is the difference which makes a difference
                           and thus excludes the brownhaired. Where i'm
                           going with this is that the choise to treat
                           africans like shit and continue to treat them
                           like shit when they came to america isn't
                           something that stems from biology, but a
                           socialy constructed pattern of behaviour that
                           we continue doing. And this is my line of
                           study.
                         @ Einar
                           "but a socialy constructed pattern of behaviour
                           that we continue doing"
                           Nowhere did I say that race was not constructed
                           socially to sustain stereotypes and prejudice
                           and ignorance. I know this all too well rather.
                           But sustaining the lie that race does not exist
                           or that we are all the same because it is
                           politically expedient to do so is as wretched
                           an idea as any. It is allowing ideology however
                           good its intentions to trump science.
                           if indeed your line of study is in
                           post-structural theories about race and racism
                           then you should probably know that a multitude
                           of models of critique of racism exists and that
                           it is not as reductive as this or that person
                           -is- a racist or that raging hysterically at
                           the Anselmos among us is anything but a
                           pointless exercise in self-righteousness.
                           Post-structural theories about race are as
                           scientific as gender theory. Which is to say
                           -not at all-. I wager money I could find a
                           feminist theorist that would conclude that you
                           are a misogynist by virtue of your thinking or
                           acting a particular way and that would not be
                           any more or less fair or reasonable than you
                           screaming racism at others because they fit
                           into your convenient definition of what does or
                           does not constitute racism. More than a few
                           academic models of racism go so far as to
                           insist an inherent racism exists in contempt
                           toward the distinct cultures and traditions of
                           ethnic communities and not just the ethnicity
                           itself. And this is a racism to be found among
                           even the most progressive as well as among
                           bogeyman fascists and rednecks. Maybe even you.
                           Any idiot can throw the label at his or her
                           opponent. It means nothing. Personally I have
                           little to no faith in white people – left or
                           right, liberal or conservative – meeting my
                           personal interpretation of what makes a man or
                           woman -not- a racist and all I see in this
                           discussion is the height of sanctimony and it
                           is frankly sickening.
                           "and i would also like to know what differences
                           Dawkins are talking about! "
                           Then read the book The Ancestor's Tale : A
                           Pilgrimage to the Dawn of Evolution. It is not
                           my job to hold your hand and walk you through
                           it anymore than I wager you would not be able
                           to wax lyrical about evolutionary theory in an
                           argument with a creationist.
                    # Einar
                      Please take the time to ask yourself why the
                      researchers in question might say such a thing. Do
                      you want a hint? Perhaps it is not -politically
                      expedient-. We now live in an age and society where
                      it is no secret that even the hard sciences face the
                      threat of losing funding and academics tenure if
                      they do not say what is expected of them. Look no
                      further than how the media and "popular science"
                      uphold the Out of Africa -theory- -despite the
                      reality- that more evidences points toward Asia as
                      the cradle of civilisation.
     * Philip Ayr
       Shameless self promotion Corey, and I thought you were ABOVE THAT.
       Ow well, no one's perfect.
     * Shayne FV
       Anselmo is an asshole … always was. There will always be racists
       and elitists, so the best you can do is get past it and cut those
       people out of your life as best you can.
          + Michael Biddlecom
            Truthfully you all need to stop, I'm not saying why but you
            just need to believe me. She deals with enough and this Shit
            online and gonna help. I actually know her, she has gone
            through enough and she doesn't need you guys making it worse.
            So for the sake of god y'all need to stop.
               o Dustin Neumann
                 WTF are you talking about . And who are you talking to?
     * Oversensitive Millennial
       Corey Taylor, the opportunist. Trying so hard to inject himself
       into the cool kids celebrity table by raising the flag of
       anti-racism. Unoriginal.
     * Joshua Chap
       Not that I give a shit what he thinks but he makes a good point
       about they're being a problem in metal.
     * Qayin's Homie
       "Slipknot has dedicated itself to bringing people together, (…) to
       fighting hate in general since the day we were started."
       "FUCK IT ALL, FUCK THIS WORLD, FUCK EVERYTHING THAT YOU STAND FOR"
       Oh, Corey Taylor, you silly little person.
          + DoomGuy
            Don't forget, from the same song…
            "When I get my hands on you
            Ain't a fucking thing you can do"
               o RickySomebody
                 Because every metal artist literally means and believes
                 in every single lyric they write.
                    # Qayin's Homie
                      Yeah, but, you can't really deny that it's like a
                      band saying non-ironically that they are all about
                      spreading the message of christ, while their lyrics
                      are mostly about devilworship.
                    # DoomGuy
                      Lighten up brah, I'm just joking around. I actually
                      liked the first 2 albums a lot.
     * Jason Bunch
       The fucking levels of racism here are revolting. I've said it
       before, I'll say it again: THERE IS NOTHING EXTREME OR METAL ABOUT
       RACISM. It's nothing more than pure ignorance. If you are a racist
       fuck, just fucking kill yourself and do us all a fucking favor, you
       shit stain on humanity. Also if you think you are superior simply
       because you were born white, you are a true fucking moron who
       probably hasn't accomplished anything of actual value in life as an
       individual and so you have to pat yourself on the back for being
       born as a white man, because it's all you got. Congratulations, it
       means nothing, you mean nothing. You will die and the earth won't
       give a fuck what color your skin was as it eats it whole and you
       are reduced to nothing but a pile of fucking bones that knows no
       color. Fuck you worm food; die, sooner than later.
          + Einar
            Listen here, you -fucking moron-: There is more than one model
            of critique of racism and at least one exists that would
            consider -you- a racist. Take it from a man of color. You just
            come off as a sanctimonious loser trying and failing
            desperately to convince others that there isn't the slightest
            possibility that you are racist. Just because you attach the
            label to others doesn't mean you are innocent, you -white-
            liberal idiot.
     * David DeJesus
       As a fan of all genres..you are 100% correct ..sir
     * Mayhem
       I come from country where almost no nigger lives. I guess that's
       why racism seems so fine to me. Not like I admire it or take part
       in it, but it seems like a regular black humor (like a dark comedy,
       not jokes about black people), but apparently in states it's
       completely different thing.
          + Heliocrat
            Kill youself
               o Mayhem
                 yourself*
                    # Heliocrat
                      No I meant kill youself. I come from A country where
                      almost no proper grammar exists. I guess that's why
                      bad grammar seems so fine to me.
                         @ Mayhem
                           Oh, then it's fine. Here grammar is really
                           important, you'd be all over the news with such
                           comments.
     * Dustin Neumann
       Jesus go look at the "fan comments" All a bunch of racist idiots.
       WTF has Trump done to this country ?
       Now this shit is somehow acceptable again?
     * ReaverofSouls
       Anyone who has "racial pride" is an imbecile who subscribes to
       group-think. White, black, brown, yellow, red, it's all the same.
       If your identity is defined by your skin color and not your own
       name, then you're a fool with no sense of individuality.
       Also, fuck Corey Taylor and Slipknot.
     * Apex
       The only thing Phil did wrong was apologize.
          + aikhooligan
            well said.
     * aikhooligan
       "The variant "Nigga" is sometimes used among African Americans in a
       non-derogatory sense."
       much like the term "white power" is used among a room full of white
       people in a non-derogatory sense.
       sorry for owning this debate. i hope the pc crowd enjoyed their
       humble pie.
          + aikhooligan
            Dave Lombardo and Robert Trujillo are both not white and I'd
            be shocked if the entire audience was entirely white. If they
            were, they definitely didn't feel that harmless "nigga-like"
            sentiment Anselmo was casually tossing out there, otherwise
            there wouldn't have been so many boos.
            The only thing you own, in my opinion, is a very ignorant
            attitude towards the world and I'm assuming an 8th grade
            education at best? Lucky for us, you are absolutely allowed to
            have those opinions and spread all that sunshine amongst the
            metalinjection community.
            Keep it real Adolf.
               o aikhooligan=shit
                 Oops forgot my entire name…now it just looks like you are
                 talking to yourself…which you kind of are in a sense.
                    # aikhooligan
                      i would love to be me if i were you. too bad.
               o aikhooligan
                 the current and ex band mates of Dave Lombardo and Robert
                 Trujillo are a lovely bunch of people, who seemed to have
                 a great affection for national socialist germany.
                 shouting "white power" would hardly offend them. great
                 point.
     * CaptainChapstick
       Who cares? Rap talks about race and extensively attempts to
       separate itself from white society. No one bats an eye. Now rap is
       on top. Phil used to be on top. Now he plays clubs and there are
       black rappers filling the stadiums he used to. They also talk about
       fucking "white bitches" like they're a commodity. So, from Phil's
       perspective he sees a bunch skill-less hacks, who happen to be
       black, occupying what used to be his position and inadvertently,
       through their lyrical content, calling him a weak bitch because of
       the color of his skin and acting like callously running around
       fucking women of his skin color is a game. So, some latent
       reciprocal racism expressed during a drunken fit of idiocy is
       totally understandable in my opinion. Essentially, it was like Phil
       had this great multi-million dollar a year job and he got fired
       then some black guy who could barely speak English was his
       replacement. And then while Phil was packing up his office and on
       his way out the doos that guy knocked his shit out of his hands and
       called him a white bitch, gave him the finger and then asked for
       his wife's number.
     * Thor_is_the_real_son_of_god
       Slipknot sucks
     * db
       All this nonsense makes we want to listen to Arghoslent. When did
       metal become a refuge for whining PC babies and cultural marxists?

Newsletter

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

[89]Videos

   [90]THE GHOST INSIDE Drummer Shows Off Custom One-Legged Drumkit
   [91]THE GHOST INSIDE Drummer Shows Off Custom One-Legged Drumkit
   [92]TASTE OF METAL Series Teaser [93]TASTE OF METAL Teaser – You've
   Never Seen A Cooking Show Like This! [94]Finland's Black Metal BEHERIT
   Plays A Mall In 1990 And There's Some Awkward Footage [95]Finnish Black
   Metal Band BEHERIT Plays A Mall In 1990 And There's Some Awkward
   Footage [96]UNBUILT Magazine Launch W/ Randy Blythe and Alex Skolnick
   [97]UNBUILT Magazine Launch with Randy Blythe & Alex Skolnick [98]All
   Videos

   IFRAME:
   [99]//www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.faceb
   ook.com%2Fmetalinjection&width=400&height=258&colorscheme=light&show_fa
   ces=true&header=false&stream=false&show_border=false&appId=151197663443

[100]GIVEAWAYS

   [101]IMG_5813 [102]CAPTION CONTEST: Enter Your Funniest Caption & You
   Could Win A Free CD From Our Giveaway Pile

   [103]Metal Injection
     * [104]Home
     * [105]Videos
     * [106]News
     * [107]Photos
     * [108]Podcasts
     * [109]Merch
     * [110]Contests
     * [111]Reviews
     * [112].FM

   © 2004 - 2016 Metal Injection LLC. All rights reserved. | [113]Help
   Wanted | [114]Advertising Info | [115]Contact Us | [116]Terms &
   Conditions | Metal Injection is a proud member of [117]the Blast Beat,
   Heavy Metal Advertising Network
     * [118]Facebook
     * [119]Twitter
     * [120]You Tube
     * [121]RSS

   [122]Privacy Policy

   © 2015 METAL INJECTION. All Rights Reserved

   [123]counter easy hit

   Quantcast

References

   Visible links
   1. https://plus.google.com/metalinjection
   2. http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal/feed
   3. http://www.metalinjection.net/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
   4. http://www.metalinjection.net/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&format=xml
   5. http://www.metalinjection.net/
   6. http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
   7. http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
   8. http://www.metalinjection.net/
   9. http://www.metalinjection.net/video
  10. http://www.metalinjection.net/video
  11. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels
  12. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/music-videos
  13. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/metal-injection-exclusives
  14. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/live-footage
  15. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/br00tal-comedy
  16. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/ask-the-artist
  17. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/kids-in-metal
  18. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/pit-full-of-shit
  19. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/rockumentary
  20. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/show-your-skills
  21. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/louder-education-series
  22. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/on-the-record
  23. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/countdown
  24. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/spotlight
  25. http://www.metalinjection.net/#content-filter
  26. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/tour-dates
  27. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/upcoming-releases/weekly-injection
  28. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/av
  29. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/reviews
  30. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/upcoming-releases
  31. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/around-the-interwebs
  32. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/lists
  33. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/editorials
  34. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts
  35. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts
  36. http://www.metalinjection.net/livecast
  37. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/decibels-extremely-extreme-podcast
  38. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/msrcast
  39. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/open-metalcast
  40. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/relapse-records-podcast
  41. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/heavy-metal-happy-hour
  42. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts/hand-ov-doom
  43. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/reviews
  44. http://www.metalinjection.net/photo-gallery
  45. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/free-swag
  46. http://www.indiemerch.com/metalinjection/
  47. http://www.facebook.com/metalinjection
  48. http://www.twitter.com/metalinjection
  49. http://www.youtube.com/metalinjection
  50. http://www.instagram.com/metal_injection
  51. http://metalinjection.tumblr.com/
  52. http://www.google.com/+metalinjection
  53. http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewPodcast?id=73799807
  54. http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/metal-injection/id478735893
  55. http://www.metalinjection.net/rss-feeds
  56. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/music-videos
  57. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/br00tal-comedy
  58. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/tour-dates
  59. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/kids-in-metal
  60. http://www.metalinjection.net/livecast
  61. http://www.metalinjection.net/channels/rockumentary
  62. http://www.metalinjection.net/reviews/heres-a-gallery-of-old-school-opeth-photos-from-the-book-of-opeth-coffee-table-book
  63. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/taste-of-metal-series-teaser
  64. http://www.metalinjection.net/shocking-revelations/five-finger-death-punch-respond-to-their-labels-lawsuit-desperate-people-do-desperate-things
  65. http://www.metalinjection.net/av/whitechapel-unveil-heavy-new-track-mark-of-the-blade-dont-worry-no-clean-singing
  66. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/latest-news/drama
  67. http://www.metalinjection.net/
  68. http://www.metalinjection.net/author/robinjection
  69. http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&t=SLIPKNOT&#039;s+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal
  70. http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=SLIPKNOT&#039;s+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&via=metalinjection
  71. mailto:?subject=SLIPKNOT's Corey Taylor Says Phil Anselmo Controversy Is Part of A Bigger Problem In Metal&body=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
  72. http://www.metalinjection.net/shocking-revelations/phil-anselmo-gives-nazi-salute-shouts-white-power-at-dimebash-claims-it-was-all-a-joke
  73. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/phil-anselmo-issues-full-apology
  74. http://www.metalinjection.net/shocking-revelations/phil-anselmo-tells-down-to-move-on-without-him-in-new-apology-letter
  75. http://www.theguardian.com/music/2016/feb/10/slipknot-corey-taylor-answers-your-questions?CMP=twt_a-music_b-gdnmusic
  76. http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal#comments
  77. http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&t=SLIPKNOT&#039;s+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal
  78. http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=SLIPKNOT&#039;s+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&via=metalinjection
  79. mailto:?subject=SLIPKNOT's Corey Taylor Says Phil Anselmo Controversy Is Part of A Bigger Problem In Metal&body=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
  80. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/50729ba57ebbdf50893e515efd05b0315bf285f844fba100b6e69b9c0d980537.gif
  81. http://ascendantlogic.com/
  82. https://soundcloud.com/aquatic-ape-196736544
  83. http://www.fingerslam.com/
  84. http://www.defineinsanityband.com/
  85. http://www.defineinsanityband.com/
  86. http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-1-4684-9063-3_14
  87. http://www.defineinsanityband.com/
  88. http://www.defineinsanityband.com/
  89. http://www.metalinjection.net/video
  90. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/the-ghost-inside-drummer-shows-off-custom-one-legged-drumkit
  91. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/the-ghost-inside-drummer-shows-off-custom-one-legged-drumkit
  92. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/taste-of-metal-series-teaser
  93. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/taste-of-metal-series-teaser
  94. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/finlands-black-metal-beherit-plays-a-mall-in-1990-and-theres-some-awkward-footage
  95. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/finlands-black-metal-beherit-plays-a-mall-in-1990-and-theres-some-awkward-footage
  96. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/unbuilt-magazine-launch-w-randy-blythe-and-alex-skolnick
  97. http://www.metalinjection.net/video/unbuilt-magazine-launch-w-randy-blythe-and-alex-skolnick
  98. http://www.metalinjection.net/video
  99. http://www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=https://www.facebook.com/metalinjection&width=400&height=258&colorscheme=light&show_faces=true&header=false&stream=false&show_border=false&appId=151197663443
 100. http://www.metalinjection.net/free-swag
 101. http://www.metalinjection.net/free-swag/caption-contest/caption-contest-enter-your-funniest-caption-you-could-win-a-free-cd-from-our-giveaway-pile-54
 102. http://www.metalinjection.net/free-swag/caption-contest/caption-contest-enter-your-funniest-caption-you-could-win-a-free-cd-from-our-giveaway-pile-54
 103. http://www.metalinjection.net/
 104. http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
 105. http://www.metalinjection.net/video
 106. http://www.metalinjection.net/
 107. http://www.metalinjection.net/photo-gallery
 108. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/podcasts
 109. http://www.metalinjection.net/merch
 110. http://www.metalinjection.net/category/free-swag
 111. http://www.metalinjection.net/reviews
 112. http://www.metalinjection.net/fm
 113. http://www.metalinjection.net/wanted
 114. http://www.metalinjection.net/advertising
 115. http://www.metalinjection.net/contact-us
 116. http://www.metalinjection.net/terms-conditions
 117. http://www.blastbeatnetwork.com/
 118. http://www.facebook.com/metalinjection
 119. http://twitter.com/metalinjection
 120. http://www.youtube.com/metalinjection
 121. http://www.metalinjection.net/rss-feeds
 122. http://www.metalinjection.net/terms-conditions
 123. http://www.statcounter.com/

   Hidden links:
 125. http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal&t=SLIPKNOT%26%23039%3Bs+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal
 126. http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=SLIPKNOT%26%23039%3Bs+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal%20http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
 127. mailto:?subject=SLIPKNOT%26%23039%3Bs+Corey+Taylor+Says+Phil+Anselmo+Controversy+Is+Part+of+A+Bigger+Problem+In+Metal&body=http://www.metalinjection.net/latest-news/drama/slipknots-corey-taylor-says-phil-anselmo-controversy-is-part-of-a-bigger-problem-in-metal
