   #[1]search [2]search [3]search

[4]nature.com

     * [5]Sitemap
     * [6]Register
     * [7]Login

   [8]Advertisement

[9]Nature

International weekly journal of science

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON) Go [10]Advanced search

     * [11]Home
     * [12]News & Comment
     * [13]Research
     * [14]Careers & Jobs
     * [15]Current Issue
     * [16]Archive
     * [17]Audio & Video
     * [18]For Authors

     * [19]Archive
     * [20]Volume 530
     * [21]Issue 7589
     * [22]News Feature
     * Article

   Nature | News Feature

Sharing

     * [23]Print
     * [24]Email
     * Share/bookmark
          + [25]Facebook
          + [26]Twitter
          + [27]Delicious
          + [28]Digg
          + [29]Google+
          + [30]LinkedIn
          + [31]StumbleUpon
          + [32]Reddit

Does it take too long to publish research?

   Scientists are becoming increasingly frustrated by the time it takes to
   publish a paper. Something has to change, they say.
     * [33]Kendall Powell^[34]1

   10 February 2016

Article tools

     * [35]PDF
     * [36]Rights & Permissions

   Illustration by Matt Murphy

   When Danielle Fraser first submitted her paper for publication, she had
   little idea of the painful saga that lay ahead.

   She had spent some 18 months studying thousands of fossil species
   spread across North America from the past 36 million years, and now she
   had an intriguing result: animal populations were spread widest across
   latitudes in warm, wet climates. Her work, crucial to earning her PhD
   at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada, might be used to make
   predictions about the response of mammals to climate change — a key
   question in ecology today. So, with her PhD adviser's encouragement,
   she sent it to Science in October 2012.

   [37]Rate that journal

   Ten days later, the paper was rejected with a form letter. She sent it
   to another prestigious journal, the Proceedings of the National Academy
   of Sciences. Rejected. Next, she tried Ecology Letters. Bounced. “At
   this point, I definitely was frustrated. I hadn't even been reviewed
   and I would've loved to know how to improve the paper,” recalls Fraser.
   “I thought, 'Let's just get it out and go to a journal that will assess
   the paper'.”

   In May 2013, she submitted the paper to Proceedings of the Royal
   Society B, considered a high-impact journal in her field. The journal
   sent it out for review — seven months after her initial submission to
   Science. “Finally!” Fraser thought. What she didn't know was that she
   had taken only the first steps down the long, bumpy road to
   publication: it would take another three submissions, two rejections,
   two rounds of major revisions and numerous drafts before the paper
   would finally appear. By that point, she could hardly bear to look at
   it.

   Fraser's frustration is widely shared: researchers are increasingly
   questioning the time it takes to publish their work. Many say that they
   feel trapped in a cycle of submission, rejection, review, re-review and
   re-re-review that seems to eat up months of their lives, interfere with
   job, grant and tenure applications and slow down the dissemination of
   results. In 2012, Leslie Vosshall, a neuroscientist at the Rockefeller
   University in New York City, wrote a commentary that lamented the
   “glacial pace” of scientific publishing^[38]1. “In the past three
   years, if anything, it's gotten substantially worse,” she says now. “It
   takes forever to get the work out, regardless of the journal. It just
   takes far too long.”

   [39]Publishing: The peer-review scam

   But is the publication process actually becoming longer — and, if so,
   then why? To find out, Nature examined some recent analyses on time to
   publication — many of them performed by researchers waiting for their
   own work to see the light of day — and spoke to scientists and editors
   about their experiences.

   The results contain some surprises. Daniel Himmelstein, a
   computational-biology graduate student at the University of California,
   San Francisco, [40]analysed all the papers indexed in the PubMed
   database that had listed submission and acceptance dates. His study,
   done for Nature, found no evidence for lengthening delays^[41]2: the
   median review time — the time between submission and acceptance of a
   paper — has hovered at around 100 days for more than 30 years (see
   [42]'Paper wait'). But the analysis comes with major caveats. Not all
   journals — including some high-profile ones — deposit such time-stamp
   data in PubMed, and some journals show when a paper was resubmitted,
   rather than submitted for the first time. “Resetting the clock is an
   especially pernicious issue,” Himmelstein says, and it means that the
   analysis might be underestimating publication delays.

   [43]Concern raised over payment for fast-track peer review

   Some data suggest that wait times have increased within certain subsets
   of journals, such as popular open-access ones and some of the most
   sought-after titles. At Nature, the median review time has grown from
   85 days to just above 150 days over the past decade, according to
   Himmelstein's analysis, and at PLoS ONE it has risen from 37 to 125
   days over roughly the same period.

   IFRAME:
   [44]http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2579065/Longest-time-that-you-have-wa
   ited-for-a-research-paper-to-be-published

   Many scientists find this odd, because they expect advances in digital
   publishing and the proliferation of journals to have sped things up.
   They say that journals are taking too long to review papers and that
   reviewers are requesting more data, revisions and new experiments than
   they used to. “We are demanding more and more unreasonable things from
   each other,” says Vosshall. Journal editors counter that science itself
   has become more data-rich, that they work to uphold high editorial and
   peer-review standards and that some are dealing with increasing numbers
   of papers. They also say that they are taking steps to expedite the
   process.

   [45]Social sciences suffer from severe publication bias

   Publication practices and waiting times also vary widely by discipline
   — with social sciences being notoriously slow. In physics, the pressure
   to publish fast is reduced because of the common practice of publishing
   preprints — early versions of a paper before peer review — [46]on the
   arXiv server. Some of the loudest complaints about publication delays
   come from those in biological fields, in which competition is fierce
   and publishing in prestigious journals can be required for career
   advancement. This month, a group of more than 70 scientists, funders,
   journal editors and publishers are meeting at the Howard Hughes Medical
   Institute campus in Chevy Chase, Maryland, to discuss whether
   biologists should adopt the [47]preprint model to accelerate
   publishing. “We need a fundamental rethinking of [48]how we do this,”
   Vosshall says.

   Sources: Review time: Daniel Himmlstein; Wait times: Stephen Royle;
   Production Time: Daniel Himmelstein; Data: Ref. 5

The pitch

   In March 2012, Stephen Royle, a cell biologist at the University of
   Warwick, UK, started on a publication mission of his own. His latest
   work answered a controversial question about how cells sense that
   chromosomes are lined up before dividing, so he first sent it to Nature
   Cell Biology (NCB), because it is a top journal in his field and an
   editor there had suggested he send it after hearing Royle give a talk.
   It was rejected without review. Next, he sent it to Developmental Cell.
   Rejected. His next stop, the Journal of Cell Biology, sent the paper
   out for review. It came back with a long list of necessary revisions —
   and a rejection.

   Royle and his lab spent almost six months doing the suggested
   experiments and revising the paper. Then he submitted the updated
   manuscript to Current Biology. Rejected. EMBO Journal. Reviewed and
   rejected.

   Finally, in December 2012, he submitted it to the Journal of Cell
   Science (JCS), where it was reviewed. One reviewer mentioned that they
   had already assessed it at another journal and thought that it should
   have been published then. They wrote that the work was “beautifully
   conducted, well controlled, and conservatively interpreted”. A second
   reviewer said that it should not be published. The editor at JCS
   decided to accept it. The time between first submission to Nature Cell
   Biology and acceptance at JCS was 317 days. It appeared online another
   53 days later^[49]3. The work went on to win the JCS prize as the
   journal's top paper for 2013.

   IFRAME:
   [50]http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2579002/The-best-way-to-shorten-the-t
   ime-taken-to-publish-a-paper

   Despite the accolade, Royle says that the multiple rejections were
   demoralizing for his student, who had done the experiments and needed
   the paper to graduate. He also thinks that the paper deserved the
   greater exposure that comes from publication in a more prestigious
   journal. “Unfortunately, the climate at the moment is that if papers
   aren't in those very top journals, they get overlooked easily,” he
   says. And Royle, who has done several publication-time analyses and
   blogged about what he found, has shown that this experience is not
   unusual. When he looked at the 28 papers that his lab had published in
   the previous 12 years, the average time to gestate from first
   submission to publication was the same as a human baby — about 9 months
   (see [51]go.nature.com/79h2n3).

   [52]The focus on bibliometrics makes papers less useful

   But how much of these delays were his own doing? To publish the
   chromosome paper, Royle indulged in the all-too-familiar practice of
   journal shopping: submitting first to the [53]most prestigious journals
   in his field (often those with the highest impact factor) and then
   working his way [54]down the hierarchy. (Nature Cell Biology's current
   impact factor is 19; JCS's is 5.) Journal impact factor or reputation
   are widely used by scientists and grant-review and hiring committees as
   a proxy for the quality of the paper. On the flip side, critics say
   that editors seek out the splashiest papers to boost their
   publication's impact factor, something that encourages journal
   shopping, increases rejection rates and adds to the wait time. Journal
   editors reject this; Ritu Dhand, Nature editorial director in London,
   says that Nature's policy of selecting original, important work “may
   lead to citation impact and media coverage, but Nature editors aren't
   driven by those considerations”.

   How much time does journal shopping add? In the analysis of his group's
   research papers, Royle found that more than half were shopped around,
   and that this consumed anywhere from a few days to more than eight
   months. He went on to analyse all the papers published in 2013 that are
   indexed in PubMed, and examined whether higher impact factor correlated
   with longer median publication times. He found an inverted bell-shaped
   curve — the journals with the lowest and highest impact factors had
   longer review times than did those in the middle. For the vast majority
   of those in the middle, review times stood at around 100 days —
   matching Himmelstein's analysis. Those with the very highest impact
   factors (30–50) had a review time of 150 days, supporting the idea that
   pitching a paper to a series of top journals could result in
   significant delays in publication.

   [55]What’s in a journal name?

   Many scientists, editors and publishers have long acknowledged that
   journal name is a flawed measure of the quality and value of a piece of
   research — but the problem shows [56]no signs of going away. “Where
   your paper is published doesn't say anything about you, your paper's
   impact or whether it's right or wrong,” says Maria Leptin, director of
   EMBO, an organization of Europe's leading life scientists and publisher
   of the EMBO Journal. “Nobody has the courage to say, we, as a funding
   organization, or we, as a tenure committee, are not going to look at
   [57]where you publish as opposed to what you publish.”

   And the obsession with prestigious journals is just one source of delay
   — as Fraser, who was battling to publish her paper on ancient animal
   populations — was about to found out.

Peer review

   By October 2013, a full year had passed since Fraser had first
   submitted her paper to a journal, and she had pretty much stopped
   caring about impact factor. By this point, the paper had spent two
   months in review at Proceedings of the Royal Society B, before coming
   back with mixed reports — and a rejection. So Fraser decided to try
   PLoS ONE, a journal that says it will publish any rigorous science,
   regardless of its significance, scope or anticipated citations. It has
   an impact factor of 3, and a reputation for rapid publication.

   [58]Pioneer behind controversial PubPeer site reveals his identity

   PLoS ONE sent the paper out to a single reviewer. Two months later,
   Fraser got a decision letter that essentially stated that the paper was
   rejected but might be eligible for re-review if the suggested revisions
   were made. She made the revisions, adding citations and a small amount
   of reanalysis. In March 2014, she resubmitted the manuscript, which
   PLoS ONE sent out to a different reviewer. Another two months passed
   before she received the new review: major revisions, please.

   “I'm just happy they didn't tell me to go away,” recalls Fraser. “I do
   have e-mails from the time that say, '1-millionth draft'!” She
   persevered, making more revisions to meet the reviewer's demands, and
   in June 2014 submitted the paper to PLoS ONE for a third time. Success!
   The paper^[59]4 was published online 23 months after she had first sent
   it to Science. The long peer-review and revision process did improve
   the paper, Fraser says now. “It was really much better.” But did the
   main conclusion of the paper change? “Not really.”

     “It takes forever to get the work out, regardless of the journal.”

   Last year, Chris Hartgerink, a behavioural-sciences graduate student at
   Tilburg University in the Netherlands, ran an analysis of the Public
   Library of Science (PLOS) family of journals since the first one
   launched in 2003. (He chose the journals largely because they make the
   data easily accessible, and because he was waiting for a paper to be
   published in PLoS ONE.) He found that the mean review time had roughly
   doubled in the past decade, from 50–130 days to 150–250 days, depending
   on the journal (see [60]go.nature.com/s3voeq). And when Royle looked at
   eight journals that had published cell-biology papers over the past
   decade, he found that publication times had lengthened at seven of
   them, mostly because review times had stretched out.

   [61]Open access is tiring out peer reviewers

   One contention is that peer reviewers now ask for more. When Ron Vale,
   a cell biologist at the University of California, San Francisco,
   analysed biology papers that had been published in Cell, Nature and the
   Journal of Cell Biology, in the first six months of 1984 and compared
   that with the same period in 2014, he found that both the average
   number of authors and the number of panels in experimental figures rose
   by 2–4 fold^[62]5. This showed, he argued, that the amount of data
   required for a publication had gone up, and Vale suspects that much of
   the added data come from authors trying to meet reviewers' demands.
   Scientists grumble about overzealous critics who always seem to want
   more, or different, experiments to nail a point. “It's very rare for
   the revisions to fundamentally change a paper — the headline doesn't
   change,” Royle says. His analysis of his group's publication times
   showed that almost 4 months of the average 9-month gestation was spent
   revising papers for resubmission.

   Many scientists also blame journal editors, who, they say, can be
   reluctant to provide clear guidance and decisions to authors when
   reviews are mixed — unnecessarily stringing out the review and revision
   process. Journal heads disagree, and say that their editors are
   accomplished at handling mixed reviews. Cell editor-in-chief Emilie
   Marcus in Cambridge, Massachusetts, says that editors at her journal
   take responsibility for publication decisions and help authors to map
   out a plan for revisions.

   Technological advances mean that research now involves handling more
   and more data, editors say, and there is greater emphasis on making
   that information available to the community. Marcus says that her
   journal is working to cut review times by, for example, increasing the
   number of papers that go through only one round of revision — 14% of
   their papers did so in 2015. In 2009, Cell also restricted the amount
   of supplemental material that could accompany papers as a way to keep
   requests for “additional, unrelated experiments” at bay.

   [63]The image detective who roots out manuscript flaws

   PLOS executive editor Veronique Kiermer, based in San Francisco,
   declined to discuss the specifics of Fraser's paper, but she called its
   total review time of nine months an “outlier” and said that it was “not
   ideal to have research being evaluated by a single person”. She
   acknowledges that PLoS ONE's publication time has risen; one factor is
   that the volume of papers has, too — from 200 in 2006 to 30,000 per
   year now — and it takes time to find and assign appropriate editors and
   reviewers. (PLOS used 76,000 reviewers in 2015.) Another, says Kiermer,
   is that the number of essential checkpoints — including
   competing-interest disclosures, animal-welfare reports and screens for
   plagiarism — have increased in the past decade. “We'll do everything we
   can both in terms of technology and looking at workflows to bring these
   times to publication down,” she says.

   Dhand says that at Nature, too, editors find it harder to find
   reviewers than in the past, “presumably because there are so many more
   papers that need reviewing”. Himmelstein found that the number of
   papers in PubMed more than doubled between 2000 and 2015, reaching
   nearly 1 million articles.

Technology advances

   Digital publishing may have had benefits in shortening 'production'
   time — the time from acceptance to publication — rather than time in
   review. In Himmelstein's analysis, time spent in production has halved
   since the early 2000s, falling to a stable median of 25 days.

   Several new journals and online publishing platforms have promised to
   speed up the process even more. PeerJ, a family of journals that
   launched in 2013, is one of several that now encourage open peer
   review, in which reviewers' names and comments are posted alongside
   articles. The hope is that the transparency will prevent unnecessary
   delays or burdensome revision requests from reviewers.

     “It's very rare for the revisions to fundamentally change a paper.”

   The biomedical and life-sciences journal eLife launched in 2012 with a
   pledge to make initial editorial decisions within a few days and to
   review papers quickly. Reviewers get strict instructions not to suggest
   the 'perfect experiment', and they can ask for extra analysis only if
   it can be completed within 2 months. Otherwise, the paper is rejected.
   Randy Schekman, a cell biologist at the University of California,
   Berkeley, and editor-in-chief of eLife, says that these policies mean
   that more than two-thirds of the journal's accepted papers undergo just
   one round of review.

   In a 2015 analysis, Himmelstein created a ranking by the [64]median
   review time for all 3,482 journals that had papers with time stamps in
   the PubMed database from January 2014 to June 2015 (see
   [65]go.nature.com/sscrr6). PeerJ had a relatively fast time: 74 days
   after submission. At eLife, it took 108 days, and PLoS ONE took 117. By
   comparison, Cell's review time was 127 days; Nature's was 173 days;
   PLoS Medicine took 177 days; and Developmental Cell was among the
   slowest of the popular biomedical journals, at 194 days. Marcus notes
   that comparison between journals is difficult because the publications
   define received, revised and accepted days differently, and that
   Developmental Cell places a high priority on timely review.

Preprints reconsidered

   [66]Open journals that piggyback on arXiv gather momentum

   One way for biologists to accelerate publication is by embracing
   preprints. These allow work to quickly receive credit and critique,
   says Bruno Eckhardt, associate editor of Physical Review E and a
   theoretical physicist at the University of Marburg in Germany. “It is
   almost like going on Facebook — it means you are ready to go public,”
   he says. A preprint submitted to bioRxiv — a server run by Cold Spring
   Harbor Laboratory in New York — is published online within 24 hours and
   given a digital object identifier (DOI); subsequent revisions are
   time-stamped and anyone can read and comment on the paper. “The minute
   a research story gets into the public domain, it benefits from the
   collective power of different brains looking at a problem,” says Vale.
   What's more, proponents say, preprint publishing can simply be added
   onto the conventional publication process. F1000Research, which
   launched in 2012, does this by publishing papers first, then inviting
   open peer review and revision.

   Some scientists are going a step further, and using platforms such as
   GitHub, Zenodo and figshare to publish each hypothesis, data collection
   or figure as they go along. Each file can be given a DOI, so that it is
   citable and trackable. Himmelstein, who already publishes his papers as
   preprints, has been using the Thinklab platform to progressively write
   up and publish the results of a new project since January 2015. “I push
   'publish' and it gets a DOI with no delay,” he says. “Am I really
   gaining that much by publishing [in a conventional journal]? Or is it
   better to do what is fastest and most efficient to get your research
   out there?”

   But preprints and real-time digital publishing platforms are no
   panacea. Vosshall says that many biologists are “terrified” of
   preprints because they fear getting scooped by competitors or losing
   credit and intellectual-property rights for their ideas. And even after
   preprint publishing, scientists can still find themselves slogging
   through peer review and chasing high-impact journals for a final
   publication to adorn their CV. Vosshall says that the scientific
   community relies on conventional journals to serve as a 'prestige
   filter' so that important papers are brought to the attention of the
   right readers. Without them, “How do we find the good stuff?” she asks.

   [67]The future of the postdoc

   For Fraser, her PLoS ONE publication proved a success. When the paper
   was finally published after its almost-two-year wait, she got positive
   responses, she says. It has been viewed nearly 2,000 times, had 51
   shares on Facebook and Twitter and got 280 downloads. The publication
   also helped her to secure her current position — as a postdoctoral
   fellow at the Smithsonian Institution Museum of Natural History in
   Washington DC. “I pretty much got the top postdoc that I could have
   gotten.”

   Still, the whole process is not something she wants to endure again —
   so these days, she tends to send her papers to mid-range journals that
   are likely to publish her work right away. “If my ultimate goal is to
   get a faculty job, I can't afford to wait two years on a single paper,”
   she says.

   Journal name:
          Nature

   Volume:
          530,

   Pages:
          148–151

   Date published:
          (11 February 2016)

   DOI:
          doi:10.1038/530148a

     * [68]Tweet [69]Facebook [70]LinkedIn [71]weibo
     * This article appeared in print under the title The waiting game.

References

    1. Vosshall, L. B. FASEB J. 26, 3589–3593 (2012).
          + [72]Article
          + [73]PubMed
          + [74]ChemPort
    2. Himmelstein, D. S. & Powell, K. Zenodo Repository
       [75]http://doi.org/bb95 (2016).
    3. Cheeseman, L. P. et al. J. Cell Sci. 126, 2102–2113 (2013).
          + [76]Article
          + [77]PubMed
          + [78]ChemPort
    4. Fraser, D. et al. PLoS ONE 9, e106499 (2014).
          + [79]Article
          + [80]PubMed
          + [81]ChemPort
    5. Vale, R. D. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA 112, 13439–13446 (2015).
          + [82]Article
          + [83]PubMed
          + [84]ChemPort

Related stories and links

From nature.com

     * [85]How to judge scientists’ strengths
       11 November 2015
     * [86]'Living figures' make their debut
       22 April 2015
     * [87]Rate that journal
       30 March 2015
     * [88]The arXiv preprint server hits 1 million articles
       30 December 2014
     * [89]Publishing: The peer-review scam
       26 November 2014
     * [90]Scientific publishing: The inside track
       18 June 2014
     * [91]Preprints come to life
       12 November 2013
     * [92]Science publishing: The golden club
       16 October 2013
     * [93]Open access: The true cost of science publishing
       27 March 2013
     * [94]Nature special: The future of publishing

From elsewhere

     * [95]Chris Hartgerink’s analysis of wait times at PLoS journals
     * [96]Daniel Himmelstein’s analysis of wait times at PubMed journals
       for 2014–15
     * [97]Daniel Himmelstein’s analysis of wait time at PubMed journals
       from 1981–15
     * [98]Stephen Royle’s analysis of his lab’s papers
     * [99]Stephen Royle’s analysis of waits at cell biology journals
     * [100]Stephen Royles’ analysis of impact factor and wait times
     * [101]Ron Vale’s analysis of data and author increases in papers

Author information

Affiliations

    1. Kendall Powell is a writer based in Lafayette, Colorado.

Author details

     * Kendall Powell

Search for this author in
          + [102]NPG journals
          + [103]PubMed
          + [104]Google Scholar

   For the best commenting experience, [105]please login or register as a
   user and agree to our [106]Community Guidelines. You will be
   re-directed back to this page where you will see comments updating in
   real-time and have the ability to recommend comments to other users.
   Comments

44 comments [107]Subscribe to comments

    1. Avatar for Sudha Tushara Sadasivuni
       Sudha Tushara Sadasivuni • 2016-04-06 05:39 AM

                Clique Publishers to opt new accepting methods. Publishing
                research became arduous for its longer acceptance process
                time, frustrate in formatting for re-submissions and all
                this is done without any sustainable cause. Many travail
                works could not see light due to submission, rejection,
                review and re-review cycle. Nature Journal could not
                ameliorate beyond 3% in acceptance compared to its
                submissions increase of 30% in last 16 years. Today the
                manuscript publishing system is egotistical towards editor
                and many researchers reached ambivalence and complaisant.
                To create a researcher centric publishing system, we
                suggest that a publishing clique need to maintain a
                depository of manuscripts and make them available to other
                editorial teams without names and affiliations. Accepting
                from such depository shortens the 'Publishing Wait' and
                'search for interdisciplinary journals'. Manuscripts not
                attracted for a specific period can be deleted or kept
                open for improvement from other peers. S. Sudha Tushara
                and S. Sudarsan University of Houston Clear Lake, USA
                Gayatri Vidya Parishad College of Engineering
                Visakhapatnam, India2 stushara@gmail.com,
                sudarsan@ieee.org

          + [108]Share to Twitter [109]Share to Facebook [110]Share link
            to this comment
    2. Avatar for Igor Mazin
       Igor Mazin • 2016-02-29 06:44 PM

                I took the poll, and selected "not shopping around", but
                in reality the right answer should be "all of the above".
                Particularly important are two issues, though: (1) making
                your work accessible to the world (and citable) by posting
                a preprint simultaneously with the first submission and
                (2) advisers should teach their junior colleagues that
                part of their qualifications as a scientist is to estimate
                realistically the level of their own work. The right
                question to ask is not "Do I have a slim chance to have
                this accepted in Nature?" but "If I were to referee for
                Nature the same paper authored by my competitors, what
                would be my verdict?"

          + [111]Share to Twitter [112]Share to Facebook [113]Share link
            to this comment
    3. Avatar for Majid Ali
       Majid Ali • 2016-02-23 07:40 PM

                Science Papers Rejected, Reviewed, Re-reviewed, And ....
                Here is a brief account of my experience on the subject.
                In 1980, JAMA published a paper in which my
                co-investigators and I reported our autopsy findings of
                coexistence of bone marrow iron depletion with
                hepatosplenic siderosis in hemodialysis patients who had
                received intravenous iron-dextran infusions (ref. 1). The
                journal editorialized our paper. In a follow-up paper, we
                revealed the failure of serum ferritin concentrations to
                predict bone narrow reserves. This paper was rejected by
                eleven journals in the U.S. Then one of my colleagues,
                Professor Alfred Fayemi, suggested that we submit the
                paper to some journal in New Zealand. Puzzled by the
                suggestion, I asked why that country. “Because no one
                there knows us.” We laughed at the idea. Then we submitted
                it to Lancet and were pleasantly surprised by the
                acceptance letter (ref.2). We speculated that there might
                be an American reviewers club. Once a member of this club
                rejects a paper, every other member is honor-bound to do
                the same. Our experience with eleven American rejections
                seemed to support that. We sent the next paper about iron
                transport and distribution to Archives of Pathology and
                laboratory Medicine (an American journal) which the
                journal accepted (ref.3) Where does that leave us? We
                still wonder. References 1. Ali M, Fayemi AO, Rigolosi R,
                Frascino J, Marsden T, Malcolm D: Hemosiderosis in
                hemodialysis patients: an autopsy study of 50 cases. JAMA,
                244:343-345, 1980. 2. Ali M, Rigolosi R, Fayemi AO, Braun
                EV, Frascino J, Singer R: Failure of serum ferritin levels
                to predict bone marrow iron content after intravenous
                iron-dextran therapy. Lancet, i:651-655, 1982. 3. Ali M,
                Fayemi AO, Braun EV, Malcolm D, Laraia S: Dissociation
                between hepatosplenic and marrow iron in liver cirrhosis.
                Arch Pathol Lab Med, 106:200-204, 1982.

          + [114]Share to Twitter [115]Share to Facebook [116]Share link
            to this comment
    4. Avatar for David Kleinfeld
       David Kleinfeld • 2016-02-15 04:19 AM

                As this article notes, about half of all papers submitted
                go through the process of "journal shopping". In the end,
                this expends additional time on the part of reviewers, and
                just slows down the review process. In a sense, scientists
                are hurting themselves, as far as a seeking quick turn
                around on their papers. One way to minimize "journal
                shopping" is to make tenure committees greater
                stake-holders in the science than the place of
                publication, e.g., minimize CNS (Cell, Nature, Science)
                counting by biology departments. This is not impossible. I
                am in two departments, each with distinct policies toward
                tenure. Only one requires that at least the head of the
                tenure committee must read the key papers from the tenure
                file and present a short seminar on the nature and impact
                of the candidates work to the department at large. You can
                guess which department cares less about the impact factor
                of the journals of record as compared to the perceived
                quality and projected impact of the papers. Just a
                thought.

          + [117]Share to Twitter [118]Share to Facebook [119]Share link
            to this comment
    5. Avatar for Bill Jenkins
       Bill Jenkins • 2016-02-14 11:10 PM

                I read this article with great interest. I am now long
                past my undergraduate work in biology and have, after
                earning an MFA in Theatre Design, had a long and
                successful career in both the professional and academic
                theatre (I know, right?). For us, publication is called
                opening night. Occasionally, one of us will invent
                something or publish some history or literature-based
                research in major academic publications but, for the most
                part, the arts community is unaware of your struggles in
                the sciences and, I have to say, this blissful ignorance
                is regrettable. Recently, the Siren's song of my favorite
                science has called to me as I pondered the issue of how
                audiences perceive our productions. This led me into the
                fascinating world of the neurobiology of perception and
                evolutionary biology where I immediately found a new
                passion. I have a lot to catch up on but one day I hope to
                publish a unique perspective on this topic that
                synthesizes across the disciplines of theatre and brain
                science in a way that both fields find useful. But here's
                my concern. To use a personal metaphor, when it comes time
                for me to draw a larger picture for the public as I intend
                to try to do, your research publications are themselves
                the paints in my paintbox. These paints must be fresh,
                true to form, and reliable. No artist can paint with old
                pigments and it is important to have as many resources
                available as possible so as to create as complete a
                picture as possible. Taking one to two years to add
                another color is simply unacceptable. The big takeaway
                from all this is that this publication bottleneck is doing
                real damage to the field. In the case of the arts, for
                example, the big advantage to what I do is that I get
                immediate feedback from my work. Critical reviews in the
                paper, audience response, peer input, the works. The arts
                are open and accessible and I can easily see the work of
                other great artists simply by buying a ticket. Like you,
                we have conferences, but that's not generally where the
                latest work is shared. As a result, the arts build on each
                other with a very fast turn around. One need look no
                further than Super Bowl halftime shows to see how quickly
                new technology is integrated from one year to the next in
                an ever increasing artistic arms race. To use a parallel
                with the sciences, what my director or I see on Broadway
                in one way or another is going to find its way into my
                shop (lab) in short order. On the other hand, when I look
                for the latest research in my more scientific pursuits I
                know that the study I'm reading is based on work that may
                actually be years old. Yes, the most recent studies may be
                in pre-publication and some authors have been very
                gracious to share those with me, but unless a best-selling
                researcher's name is on your work it is going to languish,
                apparently for years, doing no one any good. And so, the
                latest research is not the latest research and I'm
                certainly not the only one who is frustrated by this state
                of affairs. I'm hoping that the gatekeepers to knowledge
                (for that really is what they are) will be creative enough
                to resolve this problem and invest in the future on their
                end but I'm sure that the answer will ultimately be more
                collaborative. Should universities and labs come to the
                table to establish better standards for education? Should
                there be a re-evaluation among academia and scientific
                institutions of how critical publication is to a
                post-doc's future? Does the pressure to publish contribute
                to the deception that sometimes occurs, thus increasing
                the need for closer scrutiny of the peer review process?
                Should there be a better vetting and orientation process
                for reviewers and editors; better evaluative feedback at
                the outset; perhaps even more valid publication options?
                Forgive me if I'm speaking out of turn here but these seem
                to be recurring themes in the article and the comments and
                what I do for a living is to ask questions that lead to
                creative problem solving -- and I care about the sciences.
                We can't get the public excited about the work you do
                unless they hear about the work you do. We have a saying
                in my world, "You can have it Cheap, Fast, or Good. Pick
                any two." If one wants quality publication in a short turn
                around time it's not going to be cheap if cheap is equated
                with low infrastructure investment (sometimes referred to
                as "cost efficiency"). The tension between quality and
                speed is also critically important. I don't want to be
                embarassed by citing shoddy work any more than anyone else
                does. So the status quo seems to follow the formula that
                quality publications (advantageous to all concerned) can
                be produced with low infrastructure investment
                (advantageous to the publishers) but speed (advantageous
                to the field and the authors) is clearly sacrificed. I
                suppose the question everyone must answer is, "For the
                good of the field what are the critical priorities?" My
                vote is for speed and quality for they most affect the
                results downstream in a timely manner. That means you will
                need a robust infrastructure and a means to achieve it
                without sacrifice. It seems this leaves the publishers
                (and other institutional parties with vested interests)
                with some serious work to do. Not because they are the
                authors' easy targets, but because the field requires it.
                If they are going to take responsibility as the
                gatekeepers of knowledge, then perhaps it's time to build
                some bigger gates.

          + [120]Share to Twitter [121]Share to Facebook [122]Share link
            to this comment
    6. Avatar for Robert Buntrock
       Robert Buntrock • 2016-02-16 02:44 PM

                Interesting perspective from one with feet firmly in both
                the research and performance arts spheres. Two members of
                my extended family-in laws--started out ass pre-meds but
                got BFAs. The older is now a surgeon, the other is a
                musical theater performer and master class educator. I
                would assume that there are opportunities for research and
                publication both in the performing arts and the pedagogy.
                For the former, I remember reading an article on acting
                technique by Hume Cronin almost 60 years ago in high
                school drama class. Another family member managed, along
                with his co-star, to reinvent the roles of Curly and
                Laurie in Oklahoma!, in the middle of a run, and make the
                romance more believable. They never published, but I and
                other viewers knew and appreciated what had happened for
                the rest of the run

          + [123]Share to Twitter [124]Share to Facebook [125]Share link
            to this comment
    7. Avatar for Claus Schwechheimer
       Claus Schwechheimer • 2016-02-14 07:40 AM

                As a PI, I must say that there are several important
                issues that have not been covered in the article or the
                subsequent discussion. First, lengthy reviews, and the
                stats in the paper show that there are basically only
                lengthy reviews, and several rounds of resubmission do not
                only delay publication but can also cause economic harm to
                a lab. I have just had two papers in the pipeline, one
                first-authored by a 5th year Ph.D. student who was writing
                up and the other one by a postdoc who was on parental
                leave. Additional work requested be the reviewers meant
                that I had to extent the Ph.D. student contract beyond my
                financial abilities in the first case and have other
                coworkers help finishing the paper in the other. I am in
                the lucky situation that I have a lab of a decent size and
                could, in the end, somehow afford this but it was
                difficult and the consequences will be felt elsewhere
                somewhere down the line. Many smaller labs, however, have
                tight budgets and cannot afford shuffling money and people
                around. They will have to capitulate when facing long
                lists of "additional work required". Second, I am in the
                lucky situation that I am working at a university where
                the duration of a Ph.D. is not regulated and delaying a
                Ph.D. thesis project to finish a paper is possible for me.
                But again, many of my colleagues in Europe have to
                graduate their Ph.D. students in four years. The work load
                that went into the above-mentioned papers is maybe in each
                case just about that (four years) and we have managed to
                publish the papers reasonably well and in the journals
                where we had initially submitted them. Would we have had
                to resubmit to another journal, the publication would have
                been delayed by another 6 - 12 months. Had my graduate
                student needed the paper to graduate, he would have been
                blocked. Fortunately, our graduate students also do not
                have to have published in order to graduate. But again,
                this is different in many other universities and
                countries. So, here the solution for the PI is often to
                have smaller and less risky projects, with a lower impact,
                to withstand the pressures from their universities and
                graduate schools. This cannot be in the interest of
                science. Third, grant funding! Our grants and many of the
                grants that I review from abroad provide funding for 3
                years. If half of these three years has to be reserved for
                submissions, resubmissions and hopefully eventually
                publication, the time for experimentation until the next
                grant renewal shrinks considerably. At the same time, good
                high impact publications will be needed to obtain grant
                renewals. This can be very destructive situation,
                especially for a young PIs that may not have enough
                experienced coworkers from the start to drive projects
                forward. Journals like eLife that give a bonus to young
                researchers are helping those young PIs in the most
                efficient way but, to the best of my knowledge, not many
                other journals do that.

          + [126]Share to Twitter [127]Share to Facebook [128]Share link
            to this comment
    8. Avatar for Ramachandra Barik
       Ramachandra Barik • 2016-02-14 04:43 AM

                All suffer.A few have courage to speak aloud .This writing
                is a superb iteration! In last few years , a few times and
                in few submissions ,my experience is same to same .Let me
                cite one of own unique stuff :I wrote a letter to editor
                in the response to a original work in a front line journal
                .The response was though the comment looks OK,but I am
                sorry tell that we don't have space to accommodate .Kindly
                publish it somewhere else .You can imagine the editor for
                a front line journal a letter to editor to one of article
                published in his/her journal is can be published somewhere
                else ?It can be simply equated to sexual harassment in
                work place .The worker looks after a job but the employer
                or the person in power in office looks at you .

          + [129]Share to Twitter [130]Share to Facebook [131]Share link
            to this comment
    9. Avatar for Robert Buntrock
       Robert Buntrock • 2016-02-16 02:51 PM

                I had an experience last year when I wrote a letter to the
                editor of Nature commenting (favorably) on an article in
                the careers section. I soon found out that LTEs are
                edited, by staff editors and the resulting give and take,
                although done fairly promptly, took several weeks. One to
                Science several years ago, critical of a newsy item on
                research was dismissed out of hand. Apparently the issue
                had overseas political overtones and any discussion was
                forboten. The issue died and has not been heard from
                since, not even citations, even though it proposed
                controversial findings in chemistry. C'est la guerre.

          + [132]Share to Twitter [133]Share to Facebook [134]Share link
            to this comment
   10. Avatar for Pwaveno Bamaiyi
       Pwaveno Bamaiyi • 2016-02-14 04:04 AM

                This is an excellent write up: as if the writer read my
                mind and my poll votes seems to align with the majority of
                authors who took part. I have always wondered why it has
                to take so long for us to publish our results and by the
                time we are done it is no more "new". I had the experience
                of waiting more than one year recently to get a paper
                published from the time of submission and commencement of
                review to acceptance took about 15 months! I think it can
                be better than this. At the end of the day the many
                reviews requested by the reviewers did not change the
                fundamental findings of the study. Another thing is that
                busy reviewers keep reviews pending for too long a time,
                imagine waiting for one reviewer for 3 months and in one
                case I had a reviewer who kept the editor and me waiting
                for about 6 months! This is not good for the academic
                community. If a reviewer is too busy he should decline the
                review and editors should not insist on particular
                reviewers and keep authors waiting unnecessarily for too
                long.

          + [135]Share to Twitter [136]Share to Facebook [137]Share link
            to this comment
   11. Avatar for Claus Schwechheimer
       Claus Schwechheimer • 2016-02-13 06:58 PM

                As a PI, I must say that there are several important
                issues that have not been covered in the article or the
                subsequent discussion. First, lengthy reviews, and the
                stats in the paper show that there are basically only
                lengthy reviews, and several rounds of resubmission do not
                only delay publication but can also cause economic harm to
                a lab. I have just had two papers in the pipeline, one
                first-authored by a 5th year Ph.D. student who was writing
                up and the other one by a postdoc who was on parental
                leave. Additional work requested be the reviewers meant
                that I had to extent the Ph.D. student contract beyond my
                financial abilities in the first case and have other
                coworkers help finishing the paper in the other. I am in
                the lucky situation that I have a lab of a decent size and
                could, in the end, somehow afford this but it was
                difficult and the consequences will be felt elsewhere
                somewhere down the line. Many smaller labs, however, have
                tight budgets and cannot afford shuffling money and people
                around. They will have to capitulate when facing long
                lists of "additional work required". Second, I am in the
                lucky situation that I am working at a university where
                the duration of a Ph.D. is not regulated and delaying a
                Ph.D. thesis project to finish a paper is possible for me.
                But again, many of my colleagues in Europe have to
                graduate their Ph.D. students in four years. The work load
                that went into the above-mentioned papers is maybe in each
                case just about that (four years) and we have managed to
                publish the papers reasonably well and in the journals
                where we had initially submitted them. Would we have had
                to resubmit to another journal, the publication would have
                been delayed by another 6 - 12 months. Had my graduate
                student needed the paper to graduate, he would have been
                blocked. Fortunately, our graduate students also do not
                have to have published in order to graduate. But again,
                this is different in many other universities and
                countries. So, here the solution for the PI is often to
                have smaller and less risky projects, with a lower impact,
                to withstand the pressures from their universities and
                graduate schools. This cannot be in the interest of
                science. Third, grant funding! Our grants and many of the
                grants that I review from abroad provide funding for 3
                years. If half of these three years has to be reserved for
                submissions, resubmissions and hopefully eventually
                publication, the time for experimentation until the next
                grant renewal shrinks considerably. At the same time, good
                high impact publications will be needed to obtain grant
                renewals. This can be very destructive situation,
                especially for a young PIs that may not have enough
                experienced coworkers from the start to drive projects
                forward. Journals like eLife that give a bonus to young
                researchers are helping those young PIs in the most
                efficient way but, to the best of my knowledge, not many
                other journals do that.

          + [138]Share to Twitter [139]Share to Facebook [140]Share link
            to this comment
   12. Avatar for Steve Schwartz
       Steve Schwartz • 2016-02-13 06:28 PM

                I recently had an experience as a reviewer for a high
                quality cancer research journal that reflects some of the
                issues raised by this story and ideas of other
                commentators. My first impression of the manuscript, which
                I reviewed in the 2 week time frame requested, was that it
                had unusually valuable translational results for the
                management of a particular tumor type. But there were a
                few nagging methodological issues that I felt needed to be
                clarified to reduce the chances that the work, if
                published, would be unduly criticized. So I asked for
                clarification and edits as part of my review. The next
                version of the manuscript included some changes in
                response to my concerns but the central issue I had raised
                was not addressed. As the authors were from a non-English
                speaking country I imagined that they might not have fully
                understood my comments, so I re-wrote them with greater
                detail. The next version came back with some more
                revisions but the same issues remained. I then read the
                manuscript again to make sure that I was not missing
                something about either my concerns or their revisions, and
                discovered additional aspects of their data that
                contradicted some of the statements made in the
                manuscript, and wrote another review re-iterating my past
                concerns and raising the new ones (which mostly just
                illustrated more directly the source of my concerns). The
                reply from the authors included a statement in which they
                acknowledged that what they had said in the manuscript was
                not correct; they had meant something different. The
                central issue I had raised remained unaddressed. I then
                recommended to the editor that the manuscript be rejected
                (in part because I now had little faith in the quality of
                other parts of the work); it was. I don't believe that
                these authors had purposely been evasive or intended to
                obscure their methods (although they may have), but the
                lack of clarity I initially spotted (which I figured would
                be easily addressed with a few sentences) turned out to be
                an opening through which a major substantive methodologic
                problem was revealed. But even if this problem had not
                been present, peer review requiring multiple rounds is
                sometimes necessary to increase the chances that, for an
                particular manuscript, the scientific community can trust
                what it is reading. Of course, I don't doubt these authors
                will find another journal that will ultimately accept the
                manuscript without the core issue adequately addressed (or
                possibly even acknowledged).

          + [141]Share to Twitter [142]Share to Facebook [143]Share link
            to this comment
   13. Avatar for Robert Buntrock
       Robert Buntrock • 2016-02-16 02:59 PM

                On a recent paper, published ADSAP and soon to appear in
                print, it was reviewed twice, the last after I had made
                several of the revisions requested (very helpful) but some
                remained unchanged which I justified. This did not satisfy
                one reviewer who persisted in some misconceptions and
                implicitly questioned my expertise. I successfully
                defended the revised manuscript. In the past, I've
                reviewed several papers, mostly for the ACS Information
                Science Journals. Back in the day of written reviews and
                the report on carbon paper stacks, one had the option of
                letting the reviewers signature go through to the author's
                copy. I agreed with the advice of Eugene Garfield and
                always let the author know who reviewed the paper. That
                option is no longer available.

          + [144]Share to Twitter [145]Share to Facebook [146]Share link
            to this comment
   14. Avatar for JPC D
       JPC D • 2016-02-11 11:01 PM

                Well, don't doubt it at all. What is the goal of
                publishing? Isn't to make results or ideas public so that
                as many people as possible can read it and benefit from
                it, scientifically speaking? This is exactly what Preprint
                servers offer and they offer it for FREE and FAST! What to
                ask more? So, YES, Preprint servers are good, even
                EXCELLENT. Then, if a paper is published in "traditional
                or prestigious journals" about the same subject, you will
                have the merit to be the first who addressed it. No scope
                for the paper published in the prestigious journal. Do you
                really find any difference to read an article here or
                elsewhere? Are the letters or words printed here in "gold"
                or "diamond" and in "tin" in other journals? All print
                journals are printed in either black/white on the same
                paper material or they are published online and readable
                in either in Internet Explorer, Firefox or PDF or HTML
                formats! That's it. Gone the days that only a few rich
                publishers who were having money to buy big printers and
                papers to print and distribute. We are in a new era: the
                era of online and Internet. No difference, all pages are
                white (or virtual).

          + [147]Share to Twitter [148]Share to Facebook [149]Share link
            to this comment
   15. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-11 11:23 PM

                Its the 'benfit' part you seem to be overlooking. There is
                no benefit in wide dissemination of shoddy work. This
                isn't about the form that a scientific contribution is
                ultimately presented in (I can't remember the last time I
                actually handled a bound paper journal) but the
                reliability of the information within that contribution.
                There are plenty of high quality, electronic-only journals
                out there that haven't bought big printers, don't charge
                for colour, and have reasonably rapid turn around times,
                but they maintain good peer review practices so the work
                they publish is of high quality also. 'Free' and 'fast'
                are not good criteria for a scientist wanting to know
                where to focus their (very) few reading hours. 'Reliable'
                and 'significant' are far better, and that's what peer
                review is supposed to be there to ensure. In this era of
                electronic communication, many of the traditional journals
                now actually 'publish' a paper three times: once as an
                accepted manuscript, once as a typeset preprint, and once
                with the full volume and page numbers. The first two of
                these will be electronic only, the last will be both hard
                copy and virtual. With initiatives like this speeding
                things up already, if you aren't prepared to wait for peer
                review then what are you trying to hide?

          + [150]Share to Twitter [151]Share to Facebook [152]Share link
            to this comment
   16. Avatar for JPC D
       JPC D • 2016-02-12 12:21 AM

                If you are ready to wait for years or as long as the
                examples given here, much good may it do to you, but I
                cannot. Most authors cannot. I can wait for a few
                weeks/months if I feel the manuscript will be really
                accepted with/out minor or major revisions, but not for
                months or years to get a rejection. The 'shoddy work" you
                are talking about is simply a personal judgment. The
                opinions diverge as people do. Everyone has a different
                judgment. Do you really think that all published papers in
                top-tiers journals are worthwhile? You are certainly
                familiar with misconducts in research and you certainly
                have heard about retraction of papers in top-tiers
                journals. The quality is thus open and a debatable
                question.

          + [153]Share to Twitter [154]Share to Facebook [155]Share link
            to this comment
   17. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-12 12:28 AM

                As we are indeed debating it. And as I've said below, the
                variation in perception and emphasis is the reason that
                peer review is normally a 2-4 person process, including
                the editor. Shoddy work is not just a personal judgement,
                there are very clear rules within the scientific method
                and if you choose to ignore them or subvert them (as I
                have seen done) the work carries less intrinsic value. I
                am really intrigued as to why you cannot wait a little
                while to get the work published. How long did you spend
                conducting it?

          + [156]Share to Twitter [157]Share to Facebook [158]Share link
            to this comment
   18. Avatar for Liju Saji
       Liju Saji • 2016-02-14 02:49 PM

                As JPC D said, waiting for a year and then getting
                rejection is not nice. This Nature article is well
                written. When scientists do their work, they want to
                publish the work and let the public know what they found.
                Peer review is important but even some controversial
                scientific findings have gone through peer review system
                later to find the errors they contain.

          + [159]Share to Twitter [160]Share to Facebook [161]Share link
            to this comment
   19. Avatar for James Green
       James Green • 2016-02-11 10:15 PM

                Well, my treatment clearly shows that the system is
                broken. To basically be told to "go play" by the editor
                and two reviewers of the journal after having been the
                author or co-author of dozens of technical reports and
                papers is insulting and non-professional. I did not expect
                instant publication, but at least professional feedback
                and request for rewrite and resubmittal. I have scratched
                that journal off of my list, both as a subscriber and
                potential place to publish.

          + [162]Share to Twitter [163]Share to Facebook [164]Share link
            to this comment
   20. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-11 11:44 PM

                Commiserations on your treatment. However, your experience
                and your reaction to it are great examples of the sorts of
                credibility feedback in the system. There is one journal
                in my field that was once the absolute, unquestioned
                leader. However, it started to get a reputation as an old
                boys' club, younger researchers started to find it hard to
                publish unless they were proteges of leading names, and as
                a reviewer I noticed that my recommendations were often
                completely ignored (even where fairly significant) if the
                authorship of the manuscript included people that the
                editor was friendly with or didn't want to upset. This
                came to a head a few years ago when one article I reviewed
                so badly misrepresented itself (e.g. unconstrained samples
                taken from a waste heap dressed up as representative), and
                provided interpretation entirely unsupported by data, that
                I came as close as I ever have done to recommending
                rejection without even writing a report. A few months
                later I received the current contents alert for that
                journal and, lo, there was the paper, almost unaltered
                from the original manuscript. A few months on from that I
                happened to bump into the associate editor who has handled
                that submission and flat-out asked why she had let such a
                poor piece of work through. Her response was "I know, but
                the editor overruled me". Needless to say, I haven't
                reviewed for them again, and I won't be publishing with
                them either. In the last few years this once-leading
                journal has had its impact factor dwindle and has been
                overtaken by two others in the field. Clearly it is not
                just me who has doubts about the quality of the work they
                present. However, it is not "the system" that is broken,
                but its implementation at that journal. Scientists talk
                outside of our journal submissions, and if you think that
                a journal is behaving badly then it will certainly be a
                topic that gets raised over a beer or two at the next
                conference.

          + [165]Share to Twitter [166]Share to Facebook [167]Share link
            to this comment
   21. Avatar for James Green
       James Green • 2016-02-12 03:17 PM

                I, too, have seen papers published by "giants of the
                discipline" that read as so much dribble and could only
                have been published because of their name, not content.
                Then again, I have heard the same is true about famous
                paperback authors too.

          + [168]Share to Twitter [169]Share to Facebook [170]Share link
            to this comment
   22. Avatar for JPC D
       JPC D • 2016-02-11 08:05 PM

                There is no difference between papers posted on Preprint
                servers and any other journals (even the most prestigious
                ones). They are readable and readers can judge by
                themselves. Those who rely on the (Where) rather than
                (What) authors publish does not deserve the name of
                'scientists'. With Preprints no one can scope you; your
                interesting idea is already published and even if
                prestigious journals publish on the same idea as the
                yours, you have the merit to be the first to report on it
                and you have the proof (your Preprint version). That's all
                the merit. Administrators are often "business guys" who
                think money much more than science. Don't let business
                guys or immature administrators spoil science with biased
                visions on where one should publish. If scientists in the
                past (Romains, Greek, Mandel, Einstein, etc.) were
                hindered by biased peer-review, we would not enjoy from
                the scientific knowledge we enjoy nowadays.

          + [171]Share to Twitter [172]Share to Facebook [173]Share link
            to this comment
   23. Avatar for Liju Saji
       Liju Saji • 2016-02-14 02:57 PM

                Moreover, Preprint version is free to read for all. The
                whole world can read what the scientists have found. Top
                journals ask money to read what science has found, This is
                causing barrier in the progression of science.

          + [174]Share to Twitter [175]Share to Facebook [176]Share link
            to this comment
   24. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-11 09:21 PM

                So your solution is to entirely do away with the peer
                review process? Frankly, that's a very bad decision and I
                really do have to question your motivation for that. Sure,
                some people who are specialist in their field may be able
                to judge a paper on its strengths and flaws, but many
                papers are read by people who are not already completely
                familiar with a topic and are attempting to learn
                something new. That is, after all, the whole point of
                publishing. Peer review shouldn't be biased, but the
                reason there are normally two or three reviewers in
                addition to the editor (and also associate editor in many
                cases) is that scientists are human and opinions vary.
                This is a strength of peer review, not a weakness.
                Preprint servers offer cheap and quick, but does that mean
                good? I doubt it.

          + [177]Share to Twitter [178]Share to Facebook [179]Share link
            to this comment
   25. Avatar for Liju Saji
       Liju Saji • 2016-02-14 03:00 PM

                As I again write it's not necessary peer reviewed material
                would be flawless. Lately I have seen reports of fake
                studies published in Nature and Science. This is certainly
                worrisome. Some scientists have deviated from honest path
                and the scientific integrity is at stake.

          + [180]Share to Twitter [181]Share to Facebook [182]Share link
            to this comment
   26. Avatar for JPC D
       JPC D • 2016-02-11 10:59 PM

                Don't doubt it at all. What is the goal of publishing?
                Isn't to make results or ideas public so that as many
                people as possible can read it and benefit from it,
                scientifically speaking? This is exactly what Preprint
                servers offer and they offer it for FREE and FAST! What to
                ask more? So, YES, Preprint servers are good, even
                EXCELLENT. Then, if a paper is published in "traditional
                or prestigious journals" about the same subject, you will
                have the merit to be the first who addressed it. No scope
                for the paper published in the prestigious journal. Do you
                really find any difference to read an article here or
                elsewhere? Are the letters or words printed here in "gold"
                or "diamond" and in "tin" in other journals? All print
                journals are printed in either black/white on the same
                paper material or they are published online and readable
                in either in Internet Explorer, Firefox or PDF or HTML
                formats! That's it. Gone the days that only a few rich
                publishers who were having money to buy big printers and
                papers to print and distribute. We are in a new era. The
                era of online and Internet. No difference, all pages are
                white (or virtual).

          + [183]Share to Twitter [184]Share to Facebook [185]Share link
            to this comment
   27. Avatar for James Green
       James Green • 2016-02-11 05:47 PM

                I sent a paper out beforehand to the editor of a
                prestigious multi-author volume dedicated to Gulf Coast
                archaeology for review, edit, and comment. After receiving
                his blessings, I submitted my paper on the San Patrice
                culture to a premier archaeological journal. The
                archaeological journal rejected it, citing one reviewer as
                basically saying that Dalton ruled the South and San
                Patrice was an upstart that needed to be put in its place
                in the order of things. The other anonymous reviewer
                stated that there was no such thing as a deeply stratified
                archaeological site in the uplands, that they were all
                deflated. The reviewer went on to say that anybody who
                thought otherwise was a crackpot who did not deserved to
                be published. These reviewers were clearly bias. Reviewers
                should weight the science and merit of the paper, not
                judge it based on whether they personally agree with the
                subject or its results. I protested the attitude and
                unprofessional responses of the two reviewers to the
                journal, which then rejected my request to have the paper
                sent to different reviewers.

          + [186]Share to Twitter [187]Share to Facebook [188]Share link
            to this comment
   28. Avatar for Helen Pearson
       Helen Pearson • 2016-02-11 01:50 PM

                Thanks for these valuable comments and discussion on this
                topic. As editor of this story, I want to speak to the
                point earlier in this comment stream, suggesting that the
                scientists in it who received multiple rejections did so
                because their work 'wasn’t very good'. We considered this
                in the reporting and editing. We chose these stories
                because they are typical of many researchers’ experiences,
                and also because the reporting suggested that the work was
                of good quality: once it was published, it was favourably
                received by other researchers. Regarding the point that
                Nature should disclose its interests - the story tried to
                make that clear. We highlighted Nature’s wait times in the
                article, and our reporter included comment from Nature’s
                editorial director, as a representative of the journal
                component of the publication. Nature’s journal and
                magazine components have editorial independence.

          + [189]Share to Twitter [190]Share to Facebook [191]Share link
            to this comment
   29. Avatar for John Doe
       John Doe • 2016-02-12 09:26 AM

                I did not understand what you wrote: once you wrote "their
                work wasn’t very good" then you wrote "the work was of
                good quality: once it was published, it was favourably
                received by other researchers" So was it good or not? I my
                opinion this only proofs that Editors (as every human)
                makes mistakes. You should have at least courage to see
                the truth before our eyes. For me if other researches used
                and cited the work it is more important than if it was
                published in Nature. And please do not say that you want
                to spare reviewers by not sending too many manuscripts for
                peer review (we already working for free and I do not
                think this makes difference for you). Why do you think
                Editor can judge in 10 minutes better than two or three
                reviewers in few hours. Your job is to wait for reviews
                and then having them in hands deciding, if the reviews are
                contradictory, then you add extra reviewer and that is it.
                Now, a lot of editorial rejections are only politics, who
                is who etc. Please, show me 10 publications from last 10
                Nature issues which were published by young,
                "inexperienced" researches (small number of publications,
                institution outside USA or Europe, not supported by PI who
                is in the field >20-30 years). Good luck.

          + [192]Share to Twitter [193]Share to Facebook [194]Share link
            to this comment
   30. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-12 12:05 AM

                I'd be interested to know what the definition of
                "favourably received" was here. At one end of the scale
                this can mean that the work is truly redefining the
                paradigm for a whole field of research; at the other it
                may fall under 'mundane but competent'. A high profile,
                highly cited journal is going to have stiff competition
                for its publication slots, so work is going to have to be
                extremely significant to even get a look. At the other
                end, plenty of competent, reliable work is published in
                low impact journals, but the work only builds slightly on
                previous observations, or simply adds a case study to an
                already accepted theory without any greater insight into
                the fundamental process. I could name whole journals in my
                field that live on this type of manuscript. Both cases
                might be well received, but the prestige will be very
                different. The balance between scientific impact and
                journal impact factor is key. Were these authors trying to
                get an observational paper into journals that habitually
                publish key theoretical and process model data? Using my
                own field again, if you produce a paper that simply
                describes the geology of an area then there will,
                somewhere, be a journal that will take the manuscript and
                publish it, but that will likely be of regional
                distribution and have a very low single digit impact
                factor. If from your geological mapping you provide key
                insights into the evolution a terrane, the processes of
                ore formation, preservation of fossil fauna, or some other
                information that can be used elsewhere then you'll find
                that a whole bunch of other journals are suddenly
                interested, and these will have concomitantly higher
                impact factors. At the apex, your mapping work may reveal
                details of a key marker that provides novel insight into
                fundamental earth system processes (magma genesis, plate
                tectonics, mantle composition, atmosphere evolution, or
                some-such) and at that point you start looking for a
                journal with sufficient profile to ensure widespread
                dissemination of the work. These outlets, of which Nature
                is one, are excruciatingly competitive and have very high
                impact factors to match. Multiple rejections of
                manuscripts are not typical of the experience I see as an
                author and a reviewer. I don't know whether it is that the
                geosciences don't have the frenetic competition of
                biological sciences, but I have never known a paper be
                rejected without even a review unless the manuscript is
                awful or the author has pitched it to a journal that
                simply isn't suitable. The process of 'journal shopping'
                as described in this article seems to be mostly about
                authors trying to squeeze every last impact factor drop
                from their work. If that delays their publication then
                it's on their head, and isn't a function of the
                publication process itself.

          + [195]Share to Twitter [196]Share to Facebook [197]Share link
            to this comment
   31. Avatar for Barbara Gale
       Barbara Gale • 2016-02-11 08:48 PM

                With due respect to the scientists interviewed, perhaps
                their work was favorably received upon publication thanks
                to the efforts of the reviewers and editors at the
                publishing journal.

          + [198]Share to Twitter [199]Share to Facebook [200]Share link
            to this comment
   32. Avatar for John Doe
       John Doe • 2016-02-11 09:57 AM

                Actually, over 50% of the blame is on "top" journals
                editors (this is the level of editorial rejections). They
                simply reject papers without review with formal letter
                only. The true reasons are never presented. This is
                totally grey zone (they can do what they wish and nobody
                complains as maybe ... maybe ... one day in future they
                will allow me to publish here so I must be nice not to
                close the doors). And from IF>10 I could say from personal
                experience (>10 years in science) that more important is
                who are the authors, not how important is the content.
                Content must be ok obviously, but if the manuscript
                author's list do not contain well known PI(s) in the
                field, Nobel prize winners, prestigious institutes in
                affiliation you can forget about publishing something
                there. Simply, you are wasting your time.

          + [201]Share to Twitter [202]Share to Facebook [203]Share link
            to this comment
   33. Avatar for Robert Dingwall
       Robert Dingwall • 2016-02-11 09:55 AM

                In defence of the 'notoriously slow' social sciences it
                should be pointed out that most of our major journals
                appear much less frequently - quarterly or bi-monthly so
                that there is inevitably more of a lag between acceptance
                and publication within a constrained page budget. The
                various online early view schemes have helped with this
                but don't necessarily influence some of the metrics quoted
                here. As an editor, my biggest frustration is probably the
                time taken to find reviewers. Each person who is
                approached and declines, or doesn't respond at all, adds
                about 14 days to the timeline. With my journal, we are
                commonly approaching 4 people to get two volunteers and
                have had to go to as many as 12 on some occasions. As
                others have commented here, the community has not solved
                the problem that scholars as authors want prompt, timely
                and constructive reviews while the same scholars as
                reviewers don't want to be distracted from their own
                research or other professional commitments which count for
                much more in the performance reviewed world of many
                universities. I doubt whether preprints are going to make
                much impact because they are unlikely to count for much in
                the metrics respected by university managements.

          + [204]Share to Twitter [205]Share to Facebook [206]Share link
            to this comment
   34. Avatar for Kendall Powell
       Kendall Powell • 2016-02-11 01:58 PM

                Good point about the differences in frequency of journal
                publication, Robert. I also wanted to note that your
                experience of having to approach a dozen or so people to
                find 2 peer reviewers for a paper was echoed by other
                editors I spoke with in my reporting.

          + [207]Share to Twitter [208]Share to Facebook [209]Share link
            to this comment
   35. Avatar for Atanas Rusev
       Atanas Rusev • 2016-02-11 08:41 AM

                in short: when real science meet the wall.

          + [210]Share to Twitter [211]Share to Facebook [212]Share link
            to this comment
   36. Avatar for pawan kumar
       pawan kumar • 2016-02-11 07:19 AM

                Besides a long time taken, an important point is that many
                a times reviewers of even editors do not have a proper
                understanding of the field, and their decision (of
                rejecting an article) are based on their little or no
                knowledge of the subject. As a recent example, I submitted
                a manuscript (SREP-15-08404) to the Scientific Reports,
                wherein it was showed that nearly 30% of unstimulated bone
                marrow-derived dendritic cells (BMDCs) dies off at 24
                hours time point. Despite a number of article showing
                similar results (e.g. 'A Bcl-2-dependent molecular timer
                regulates the lifespan and immunogenicity of dendritic
                cells', URL:
                http://www.nature.com/ni/journal/v5/n6/full/ni1071.html),
                the manuscript was rejected with editor's comment "The
                major problem and the strong reason for the rejection is
                that the PI+ cells (necrotic) in control conditions are
                about 30-40%. It is too high to accept. This shows basic
                culture conditions are not optimum." If we talk about
                appeal, I must mention here that it took nearly one month
                for the above manuscript to undergo editorial review
                (priority review). And Nature journals took the appeal
                secondary which means another 2 to 3 months or so.
                Therefore, the publishing in the journals is really a
                frustrating and time consuming. Moreover, acceptance or
                rejection is (many a times) just a matter of chance.

          + [213]Share to Twitter [214]Share to Facebook [215]Share link
            to this comment
   37. Avatar for John Vidale
       John Vidale • 2016-02-11 04:09 AM

                My personal observation places more of the blame on the
                authors than the journals. As mature scientists, we should
                be able to judge what does and doesn't deserve to be
                written up. The papers we write should be clear and have
                meaningful conclusions. We should be able to judge which
                journal is the appropriate venue, at least by the second
                try. I review plenty of papers that need only minimal
                comments because the authors write well and are
                convincing. Those authors rarely complain about protracted
                review processes.

          + [216]Share to Twitter [217]Share to Facebook [218]Share link
            to this comment
   38. Avatar for Vipul Mehta
       Vipul Mehta • 2016-02-10 11:58 PM

                You can hardly blame the delay caused by shopping around
                at several journals on the editing/reviewing process. The
                time taken by the reviewers is also a function of the
                number of papers being published. Reviewers themselves are
                under the same pressure as authors (to publish more and
                more). One could ask Fraser, how many papers has she
                reviewed and how much time did she take each time? Did she
                just rubber stamp everything as fine, or did she suggest
                improvements/alternatives? Quickly rubber stamping
                everything would definitely speed up the process. It would
                also make for terrible science. Most troubling is the idea
                that "reviews don't fundamentally change the conclusions".
                Why bother with reviews, because it doesn't really change
                the conclusions? This is a classic sign of bad science and
                bad scientists. Good science is not about the headlines
                but about the details. Whether the headlines are valid or
                depends entirely on boring details. The headline can,
                should and does change things "fundamentally" if what is
                suggested by the reviewers doesn't work out. The headline
                could be completely wrong, partially wrong, wrong in a
                certain context, or right, depending on the details.

          + [219]Share to Twitter [220]Share to Facebook [221]Share link
            to this comment
   39. Avatar for Adolfo Villanueva
       Adolfo Villanueva • 2016-02-10 11:16 PM

                There is clearly a conflict of interest. Nature and/or
                Nature's publishers clearly benefit from the current
                publication system. They cannot present themselves as
                "neutral hosts" for the discussion, they must fully
                disclose their interests in the game, either Nature's
                and/or the publishers. Authors and reviewers work for
                free, for the rest there is a lot of money at stake; all
                card on the table, please.

          + [222]Share to Twitter [223]Share to Facebook [224]Share link
            to this comment
   40. Avatar for Katie Lotterhos
       Katie Lotterhos • 2016-02-10 10:55 PM

                There is another model - submit to an agency with your
                preferred 4-5 journals. The agency sends it out for
                review, and the reviewers suggest which journals are most
                appropriate. The agency sends the reviews, with the paper,
                to the most appropriate journal. https://axiosreview.org/
                is doing it!

          + [225]Share to Twitter [226]Share to Facebook [227]Share link
            to this comment
   41. Avatar for Tim Vines
       Tim Vines • 2016-02-10 11:16 PM

                Axios is surprisingly effective: once we've found a
                journal that wants the paper to be submitted, the
                acceptance rate rises to 85%. Better still, only half of
                the accepted papers were sent for additional review by the
                journal. These percentages are based on hundreds of
                articles and include papers in good field-specific
                journals like Ecology Letters, American Naturalist and
                Molecular Ecology. [PS I founded Axios and am hence not a
                neutral observer, but since what we're doing is so
                relevant to the problems raised in this article I thought
                it worth adding a comment]

          + [228]Share to Twitter [229]Share to Facebook [230]Share link
            to this comment
   42. Avatar for Craig Betts
       Craig Betts • 2016-02-10 09:03 PM

                A somewhat similar situation to those described in the
                article was a large factor in my decision to leave
                academia and pursue a career in industry. A paper that was
                a large part of my dissertation was sent out for lengthy
                review at three journals before it's ultimate publication,
                and each iteration resulted in several months of
                addressing reviewer criticisms. Ultimately, I ended up
                spending nearly two years doing experiments that, as
                described in the article, strengthened, but did nothing to
                change the major conclusions instead of being able to
                pursue the genuinely exciting hypotheses generated by the
                research. I've since discovered that the need to produce
                and sell a physical product streamlines industrial science
                and encourages much more rigor than academia where the
                need to publish quickly in top tier journals
                disincentivizes questioning of positive or flashy results.

          + [231]Share to Twitter [232]Share to Facebook [233]Share link
            to this comment
   43. Avatar for JPC D
       JPC D • 2016-02-10 08:55 PM

                What is a 'good journal' and what is a 'good paper' Mister
                the Reviewer for decades? Have you ever heard about
                something 'subjective'? You might like Hamburger but
                others do not necessarily, and inversely. Sorry, but
                people like you are harming the science. Preprint is the
                solution.

          + [234]Share to Twitter [235]Share to Facebook [236]Share link
            to this comment
   44. Avatar for John Chapman
       John Chapman • 2016-02-10 07:02 PM

                Reading this article troubled me; not because of the
                supposed wait times for publication, but because the
                authors interviewed apparently couldn't take a hint. To
                have multiple out-of-hand rejections, without review,
                strongly suggests that the manuscript or work that they
                were trying to get out simply wasn't very good. As a
                reviewer I have frequently had manuscripts turn up on my
                'desk' that are almost unreadable; poor structure, bad
                English, absurd diagrams, you name it. Then you have the
                work itself, which in many cases has significant flaws
                (some of which can be fairly sneakily obscured) and even
                outright misinterpretations of simple data. These are
                usually reasons that I will send a fairly terse message
                back to the editor with a flat rejection recommendation,
                or at least one for significant revisions. Compared with
                when I started reviewing work, over a decade ago, it seems
                to be more common now that authors treat the peer review
                process as a glorified copy edit. I have had more than one
                university academic comment to me on this, using phrases
                amounting to 'let's just get it submitted, we can tidy it
                up after the review'. This is simply not ethical on the
                part of the author, as almost all reviewers are unpaid and
                do not have time to try and assess the scientific merit of
                work (peer review's principal function) through a fog of
                abysmal grammar, illogical structure, poorly supported
                assertions dressed up as conclusions, and incomplete
                descriptions. My experience is that if you receive an
                outright rejection, either before or after review, this
                isn't a comment on the length of time that a paper takes
                to get published, but the quality of your written work.
                Good journals will accept good papers; some are faster
                than others at processing the review, but this apparent
                'journal shopping' process is just authors wanting to find
                the best home for under-par work, without actually putting
                the effort in up front to make sure that their manuscript
                is of a quality commensurate with the journal they are
                submitting to.

          + [237]Share to Twitter [238]Share to Facebook [239]Share link
            to this comment

See other News & Comment articles from [240]Nature

     * [241]

Cattle drug threatens thousands of vultures
     * [242]

Software error doomed Japanese Hitomi spacecraft
     * [243]

Antibody infusions provide long-term defence against HIV-like infection
     * [244]

Technology: Beyond the ‘InterNyet’
     * [245]

Zoology: In the museum with Roosevelt
     * [246]

Books in brief
     * [247]

R. McNeill Alexander (1934–2016)
     * [248]

The week in science: 22–28 April 2016
     * [249]

A world of change
     * [250]

The quiet revolutionary: How the co-discovery of CRISPR explosively changed
Emmanuelle Charpentier’s life
     * [251]

Scientists worry as cancer moonshots multiply
     * [252]

Devastating wheat fungus appears in Asia for first time
     * [253]

Seven chemical separations to change the world
     * [254]

AI talent grab sparks excitement and concern
     * [255]

Australia softens blow of climate job cuts
     * [256]

Speak up about subtle sexism in science
     * [257]

Plant protein behaves like a prion
     * [258]

Killer landslides: The lasting legacy of Nepal’s quake
     * [259]

Researchers push for personalized tumour vaccines
     * [260]

Problematic images found in 4% of biomedical papers

Social Media Box - AML

     * [261]E-alert
     * [262]RSS
     * [263]Facebook
     * [264]Twitter

   [265]Close [266]Follow @naturenews

The quiet revolutionary

   charpentier

[267]How the co-discovery of CRISPR explosively changed Emmanuelle
Charpentier’s life

   The microbiologist spent years moving labs and relishing solitude. Then
   her work on gene-editing thrust her into the scientific spotlight.
   [268]Advertisement

Top Content - Article Page

Recent

    1. [269]Cattle drug threatens thousands of vultures
       Nature 29 April 2016
    2. [270]Software error doomed Japanese Hitomi spacecraft
       Nature 28 April 2016
    3. [271]Antibody infusions provide long-term defence against HIV-like
       infection
       Nature 27 April 2016

Read

    1. [272]Deadly animal prion disease appears in Europe
       Nature 18 Apr 2016
    2. [273]Women look best once a month
       Nature 31 Mar 2004
    3. [274]Speak up about subtle sexism in science
       Nature 26 Apr 2016

   [275]View all

Commented

    1. [276]Speak up about subtle sexism in science
       Nature 26 Apr 2016 [277]29 comments
    2. [278]Trump’s immigration stance stokes fears for science
       Nature 05 Apr 2016 [279]18 comments
    3. [280]Measurement of Universe's expansion rate creates cosmological
       puzzle
       Nature 11 Apr 2016 [281]18 comments

   [282]View all

Newsletter

   The best science news from Nature and beyond, direct to your inbox
   every day.

   Your browser does not support iframes.

Lost in space

   hitomi

[283]Software error doomed Japanese Hitomi spacecraft

   Space agency declares the astronomy satellite a loss.

Killer landslides

   nepal-landslides

[284]The lasting legacy of Nepal’s quake

   A year after a devastating earthquake triggered killer avalanches and
   rock falls in Nepal, scientists are wiring up mountainsides to forecast
   hazards.
   [285]Advertisement

Shifting focus

   AI-talent

[286]AI talent grab sparks excitement and concern

   Google, Facebook and other tech firms are changing how
   artificial-intelligence research is done.

Virus protection

   antibodies-HIV

[287]Antibody infusions provide long-term defence against HIV-like infection

   Specialized proteins can protect monkeys against the virus for months.

Listen

   red-full-label

[288]This week...

   A language map of the brain, listening for landslides a year after the
   Nepal quake, and the Soviet internet that never was.
   [289]Advertisement

Science jobs from nature jobs

     * [290]Faculty Search for Zhejiang University, China "Hundred Talents
       Program" : Hangzhou, China
       Zhejiang University
     * [291]Grand stage for great players: CCID recruiting principal
       investigators
       The Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of
       Infectious Diseases (CCID)
     * [292]Talents Wanted Programme-Faculty search for the School of
       Environment, Beijing Normal University
       Beijing Normal University
     * [293]Research Engineer / Research Scientist in Renewable Energy
       King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals
     * [294]Faculty Positions at IDG / McGovern Institute for Brain
       Research at Peking University
       IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research at Peking University

     * [295]Post a Job
     * [296]More Science Jobs

     * Nature
     * ISSN: 0028-0836
     * EISSN: 1476-4687

     * [297]About NPG
     * [298]Contact NPG
     * [299]Accessibility statement
     * [300]Help

     * [301]Privacy policy
     * [302]Use of cookies
     * [303]Legal notice
     * [304]Terms

     * [305]Nature jobs
     * [306]Nature Asia
     * [307]Nature Education
     * [308]RSS web feeds

     * [309]About Nature
     * [310]Contact Nature
     * [311]About the Editors
     * [312]Nature awards

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON) Go

   [313]© 2016 Nature Publishing Group, a division of Macmillan Publishers
   Limited. All Rights Reserved. partner of [314]AGORA, HINARI, OARE,
   INASP, CrossRef and COUNTER

References

   1. http://www.nature.com/search/executeSearch
   2. http://www.nature.com/opensearch/opensearch.xml
   3. http://www.nature.com/opensearch/request
   4. http://www.nature.com/
   5. http://www.nature.com/siteindex
   6. http://www.nature.com/register
   7. http://www.nature.com/foxtrot/svc/login
   8. http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/newsnature.com/article&sz=728x90&t=&abr=!webtv&artid=530148a&ptile=1&sz=728x90&pos=top&submeta=npg_subject_37,npg_subject_76,npg_subject_276,npg_subject_479&ord=2722498910568018?;c=707
   9. http://www.nature.com/nature
  10. http://www.nature.com/search/adv_search?sp-q-1=nature,news,nnewsb
  11. http://www.nature.com/nature/index.html
  12. http://www.nature.com/news/nature-news-comment-2.788
  13. http://www.nature.com/nature/research/research_by_type.html
  14. http://www.nature.com/nature/careers/index.html
  15. http://www.nature.com/nature/current_issue.html
  16. http://www.nature.com/nature/archive/index.html
  17. http://www.nature.com/nature/audio_video/index.html
  18. http://www.nature.com/nature/authors/index.html
  19. http://www.nature.com/nature/archive/index.html
  20. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v530/n7589/index.html
  21. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v530/n7589/index.html
  22. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v530/n7589/index.html
  23. javascript:window.print()
  24. http://www.nature.com/news/foxtrot/svc/mailform?doi=10.1038/530148a&file=/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320
  25. http://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320
  26. http://twitter.com/home/?status=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?+http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320
  27. http://del.icio.us/post?url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?
  28. http://digg.com/submit?phase=2&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?
  29. https://plus.google.com/share?url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?
  30. http://www.linkedin.com/cws/share?url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?
  31. http://www.stumbleupon.com/submit?url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?
  32. http://www.reddit.com/s/http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320
  33. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#auth-1
  34. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#a1
  35. http://www.nature.com/polopoly_fs/1.19320!/menu/main/topColumns/topLeftColumn/pdf/530148a.pdf
  36. https://s100.copyright.com/AppDispatchServlet?author=Kendall+Powell&title=Does+it+take+too+long+to+publish+research?&publisherName=NPG&contentID=10.1038/530148a&publicationDate=02/10/2016&publication=Nature+News
  37. http://www.nature.com/news/rate-that-journal-1.17225
  38. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#b1
  39. http://www.nature.com/news/publishing-the-peer-review-scam-1.16400
  40. http://blog.dhimmel.com/history-of-delays
  41. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#b2
  42. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#paper
  43. http://www.nature.com/news/concern-raised-over-payment-for-fast-track-peer-review-1.17204
  44. http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2579065/Longest-time-that-you-have-waited-for-a-research-paper-to-be-published
  45. http://www.nature.com/news/social-sciences-suffer-from-severe-publication-bias-1.15787
  46. http://www.nature.com/news/the-arxiv-preprint-server-hits-1-million-articles-1.16643
  47. http://www.nature.com/news/preprints-come-to-life-1.14140
  48. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v495/n7442/full/495437a.html
  49. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#b3
  50. http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2579002/The-best-way-to-shorten-the-time-taken-to-publish-a-paper
  51. http://go.nature.com/79h2n3
  52. http://www.nature.com/news/the-focus-on-bibliometrics-makes-papers-less-useful-1.16706
  53. http://www.nature.com/news/science-publishing-the-golden-club-1.13951
  54. http://www.nature.com/news/rate-that-journal-1.17225
  55. http://www.nature.com/news/what-s-in-a-journal-name-1.18987
  56. http://www.nature.com/news/how-to-judge-scientists-strengths-1.18769
  57. http://www.nature.com/news/how-to-judge-scientists-strengths-1.18769
  58. http://www.nature.com/news/pioneer-behind-controversial-pubpeer-site-reveals-his-identity-1.18261
  59. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#b4
  60. http://go.nature.com/s3voeq
  61. http://www.nature.com/news/open-access-is-tiring-out-peer-reviewers-1.16403
  62. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#b5
  63. http://www.nature.com/news/the-image-detective-who-roots-out-manuscript-flaws-1.17749
  64. http://www.nature.com/news/long-wait-for-publication-plagues-many-journals-1.17901
  65. http://go.nature.com/sscrr6
  66. http://www.nature.com/news/open-journals-that-piggyback-on-arxiv-gather-momentum-1.19102
  67. http://www.nature.com/news/the-future-of-the-postdoc-1.17253
  68. https://twitter.com/share
  69. http://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/1.19320
  70. https://www.linkedin.com/cws/share?url=http://www.nature.com/news/1.19320&title=The+waiting+game
  71. http://service.weibo.com/share/share.php?url=http://www.nature.com/news/1.19320&type=button&ralateUid=5329434101&language=zh_cn&searchPic=true&style=number&title=The+waiting+game&pic=
  72. http://dx.doi.org/10.1096/fj.12-0901ufm
  73. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=22935905&dopt=Abstract
  74. http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC+C38XhtlGku7bF&pissn=0028-0836&md5=53687ba62b353e1db2364db18f0be611
  75. http://doi.org/bb95
  76. http://dx.doi.org/10.1242/jcs.124834
  77. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=23532825&dopt=Abstract
  78. http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC+C3sXhtFWjtLnM&pissn=0028-0836&md5=13d94080551928c6a502c0cb80536aaf
  79. http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0106499
  80. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=25203658&dopt=Abstract
  81. http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC+C2cXhs12jurnN&pissn=0028-0836&md5=a54f222702d0f6fcb700bd6b6a7f0d8e
  82. http://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1511912112
  83. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?holding=npg&cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=26508643&dopt=Abstract
  84. http://chemport.cas.org/cgi-bin/sdcgi?APP=ftslink&action=reflink&origin=npg&version=1.0&coi=1:CAS:528:DC+C2MXhsleksbjP&pissn=0028-0836&md5=ff1812abb1127ce68ee7355ba679e536
  85. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/527279f
  86. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/nature.2015.17382
  87. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/520119a
  88. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/nature.2014.16643
  89. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/515480a
  90. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/510330a
  91. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/503180a
  92. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/502291a
  93. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/495426a
  94. http://www.nature.com/news/specials/scipublishing/index.html
  95. https://www.authorea.com/users/2013/articles/36067/_show_article
  96. http://blog.dhimmel.com/plos-and-publishing-delays/
  97. http://blog.dhimmel.com/history-of-delays
  98. https://quantixed.wordpress.com/2014/04/15/some-things-last-a-long-time/
  99. https://quantixed.wordpress.com/2015/03/09/waiting-to-happen-publication-lag-times-in-cell-biology-journals/
 100. https://quantixed.wordpress.com/2015/03/16/waiting-to-happen-ii-publication-lag-times/
 101. http://biorxiv.org/content/early/2015/07/11/022368
 102. http://www.nature.com/search/executeSearch?sp-q="Kendall+Powell"&sp-p=all&pag-start=1&sp-c=25&sp-m=1&sp-s=date_descending&siteCode=nature&sp-date-range=0&sp-advanced=true&sp-q-9[AM]=1&sp-q-9[APP_NOTES]=1&sp-q-9[AVIANFLU]=1&sp-q-9[CLIMATE]=1&sp-q-9[NATURE]=1&sp-q-9[NATUREJOBS]=1&sp-q-9[NBT]=1&sp-q-9[NCB]=1&sp-q-9[NCHEM]=1&sp-q-9[NCHEMBIO]=1&sp-q-9[NCHINA]=1&sp-q-9[NCLIMATE]=1&sp-q-9[NCOMMS]=1&sp-q-9[NEURO]=1&sp-q-9[NG]=1&sp-q-9[NGEO]=1&sp-q-9[NI]=1&sp-q-9[NINDIA]=1&sp-q-9[NM]=1&sp-q-9[NMAT]=1&sp-q-9[NMETH]=1&sp-q-9[NMIDDLEEAST]=1&sp-q-9[NNANO]=1&sp-q-9[NPHOTON]=1&sp-q-9[NPHYS]=1&sp-q-9[NPROT]=1&sp-q-9[NSMB]=1&sp-q-9[SCIENTIFICAMERICAN]=1&sp-q-9[SCIENTIFICAMERICANMIND]=1&sp-q-9[SREP]=1&sp-q-9[STEMCELLS]=1&sp-q-9[BLOGS]=1
 103. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=search&term=Kendall+Powell[author]
 104. http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?as_q=&num=10&btnG=Search+Scholar&as_epq=&as_oq=&as_eq=&as_occt=any&as_sauthors=Kendall+Powell&as_publication=&as_ylo=&as_yhi=&as_allsubj=all&hl=en
 105. http://www.nature.com/foxtrot/svc/login?type=commenting
 106. http://www.nature.com/info/community-guidelines.html
 107. https://naturenews.disqus.com/does_it_take_too_long_to_publish_research/latest.rss
 108. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Clique+Publishers+to+opt+new+accepting+methods.

+Publishing+research+became+arduous+for+its+longer+acceptance+process+time,+frustrate+in+formatting+for+re-submissions+and+all+this+is+done+without+any+sustainable+cause.+Many+travail+works+could+not+see+light+due+to+submission,+rejection,+review+and+re-review+cycle.+Nature+Journal+could+not+ameliorate+beyond+3%+in+acceptance+compared+to+its+submissions+increase+of+30%+in+last+16+years.+Today+the+manuscript+publishing+system+is+egotistical+towards+editor+and+many+researchers+reached+ambivalence+and+complaisant.+++To+create+a+researcher+centric+publishing+system,+we+suggest+that+a+publishing+clique+need+to+maintain+a+depository+of+manuscripts+and+make+them+available+to+other+editorial+teams+without+names+and+affiliations.+Accepting+from+such+depository+shortens+the+'Publishing+Wait'+and+'search+for+interdisciplinary+journals'.+Manuscripts+not+attracted+for+a+specific+period+can+be+deleted+or+kept+open+for
improvement+from+other+peers.+++

S.+Sudha+Tushara+and+S.+Sudarsan
University+of+Houston+Clear+Lake,+USA
Gayatri+Vidya+Parishad+College+of+Engineering+Visakhapatnam,+India2
stushara@gmail.com,+sudarsan@ieee.org&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2608818120
 109. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2608818120
 110. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2608818120
 111. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+took+the+poll,+and+selected+"not+shopping+around",+but+in+reality+the+right+answer+should+be+"all+of+the+above".+Particularly+important+are+two+issues,+though:+(1)+making+your+work+accessible+to+the+world+(and+citable)+by+posting+a+preprint+simultaneously+with+the+first+submission+and+(2)+advisers+should+teach+their+junior+colleagues+that+part+of+their+qualifications+as+a+scientist+is+to+estimate+realistically+the+level+of+their+own+work.+The+right+question+to+ask+is+not+"Do+I+have+a+slim+chance+to+have+this+accepted+in+Nature?"+but+"If+I+were+to+referee+for+Nature+the+same+paper+authored+by+my+competitors,+what+would+be+my+verdict?"&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2543770576
 112. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2543770576
 113. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2543770576
 114. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Science+Papers+Rejected,+Reviewed,+Re-reviewed,+And+....
+
Here+is+a+brief+account+of+my+experience+on+the+subject.+In+1980,+JAMA+published+a+paper+in+which+my+co-investigators+and+I+reported+our+autopsy+findings+of+coexistence+of+bone+marrow+iron+depletion+with+hepatosplenic+siderosis+in+hemodialysis+patients+who+had+received+intravenous+iron-dextran+infusions+(ref.+1).+The+journal+editorialized+our+paper.+In+a+follow-up+paper,+we+revealed+the+failure+of+serum+ferritin+concentrations+to+predict+bone+narrow+reserves.+This+paper+was+rejected+by+eleven+journals+in+the+U.S.+

Then+one+of+my+colleagues,+Professor+Alfred+Fayemi,+suggested+that+we+submit+the+paper+to+some+journal+in+New+Zealand.+Puzzled+by+the+suggestion,+I+asked+why+that+country.+“Because+no+one+there+knows+us.”+We+laughed+at+the+idea.+Then+we+submitted+it+to+Lancet+and+were+pleasantly+surprised+by+the+acceptance+letter+(ref.2).

We+speculated+that+there+might+be+an+American+reviewers+club.+Once+a+member+of+this+club+rejects+a+paper,+every+other+member+is+honor-bound+to+do+the+same.+Our+experience+with+eleven+American+rejections+seemed+to+support+that.+We+sent+the+next+paper+about+iron+transport+and+distribution+to+Archives+of+Pathology+and+laboratory+Medicine+(an+American+journal)+which+the+journal+accepted+(ref.3)+Where+does+that+leave+us?+We+still+wonder.

References

1.	Ali+M,+Fayemi+AO,+Rigolosi+R,+Frascino+J,+Marsden+T,+Malcolm+D:++Hemosiderosis+in+hemodialysis+patients:+an+autopsy+study+of+50+cases.++JAMA,+244:343-345,+1980.

2.	+Ali+M,+Rigolosi+R,+Fayemi+AO,+Braun+EV,+Frascino+J,+Singer+R:++Failure+of+serum+ferritin+levels+to+predict+bone+marrow+iron+content+after+intravenous+iron-dextran+therapy.++Lancet,+i:651-655,+1982.

3.	Ali+M,+Fayemi+AO,+Braun+EV,+Malcolm+D,+Laraia+S:++Dissociation+between+hepatosplenic+and+marrow+iron+in+liver+cirrhosis.++Arch+Pathol+Lab+Med,+106:200-204,+1982.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2531252065
 115. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2531252065
 116. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2531252065
 117. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=As+this+article+notes,+about+half+of+all+papers+submitted+go+through+the+process+of+"journal+shopping".+In+the+end,+this+expends+additional+time+on+the+part+of+reviewers,+and+just+slows+down+the+review+process.+In+a+sense,+scientists+are+hurting+themselves,+as+far+as+a+seeking+quick+turn+around+on+their+papers.

One+way+to+minimize+"journal+shopping"+is+to+make+tenure+committees+greater+stake-holders+in+the+science+than+the+place+of
publication,+e.g.,+minimize+CNS+(Cell,+Nature,+Science)+counting+by+biology+departments.+This+is+not+impossible.+I+am+in+two+departments,+each+with+distinct+policies+toward+tenure.+Only+one+requires+that+at+least+the+head+of+the+tenure+committee+must+read+the+key+papers+from+the+tenure+file+and+present+a+short+seminar+on+the+nature+and+impact+of+the+candidates+work+to+the
department+at+large.+You+can+guess+which+department+cares+less+about+the+impact+factor+of+the+journals+of+record+as+compared+to+the+perceived+quality+and+projected+impact+of+the+papers.

Just+a+thought.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2514102169
 118. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2514102169
 119. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2514102169
 120. 
 121. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513807992
 122. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2513807992
 123. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Interesting+perspective+from+one+with+feet+firmly+in+both+the+research+and+performance+arts+spheres.++Two+members+of+my+extended+family-in+laws--started+out+ass+pre-meds+but+got+BFAs.++The+older+is+now+a+surgeon,+the+other+is+a+musical+theater+performer+and+master+class+educator.++I+would+assume+that+there+are+opportunities+for+research+and+publication+both+in+the+performing+arts+and+the+pedagogy.++For+the+former,+I+remember+reading+an+article+on+acting+technique+by+Hume+Cronin+almost+60+years+ago+in+high+school+drama+class.++Another+family+member+managed,+along+with+his+co-star,+to+reinvent+the+roles+of+Curly+and+Laurie+in+Oklahoma!,+in+the+middle+of+a+run,+and+make+the+romance+more+believable.++They+never+published,+but+I+and+other+viewers+knew+and+appreciated+what+had+happened+for+the+rest+of+the+run&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516471547
 124. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516471547
 125. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2516471547
 126. 
 127. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2512740106
 128. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2512740106
 129. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=All+suffer.A+few+have+courage+to+speak+aloud+.This+writing+is+a+superb+iteration!+In+last+few+years+,+a+few+times+and+in+few+submissions+,my+experience+is+same+to+same+.Let+me+cite+one+of+own+unique+stuff+:I+wrote+a+letter+to+editor+in+the+response+to++a+original+work+in+a+front+line+journal+.The+response+was+though+the+comment+looks+OK,but+I+am+sorry+tell+that+we+don't+have+space+to+accommodate+.Kindly+publish+it+somewhere+else+.You+can+imagine+the+editor+for+a+front+line+journal+a+letter+to+editor+to+one+of+article+published+in+his/her+journal+is+can+be+published+somewhere+else+?It+can+be+simply+equated+to+sexual+harassment+in+work+place+.The+worker+looks+after+a+job+but+the+employer+or+the+person+in+power+in+office+looks+at+you+.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2512614271
 130. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2512614271
 131. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2512614271
 132. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+had+an+experience+last+year+when+I+wrote+a+letter+to+the+editor+of+Nature++commenting+(favorably)+on+an+article+in+the+careers+section.++I+soon+found+out+that+LTEs+are+edited,+by+staff+editors+and+the+resulting+give+and+take,+although+done+fairly+promptly,+took+several+weeks.++One+to+Science+several+years+ago,+critical+of+a+newsy+item+on+research+was+dismissed+out+of+hand.+Apparently+the+issue+had+overseas+political+overtones+and+any+discussion+was+forboten.++The+issue+died+and+has+not+been+heard+from+since,+not+even+citations,+even+though+it+proposed+controversial+findings+in+chemistry.++C'est+la+guerre.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516480763
 133. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516480763
 134. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2516480763
 135. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=This+is+an+excellent+write+up:+as+if+the+writer+read+my+mind+and+my+poll+votes+seems+to+align+with+the+majority+of+authors+who+took+part.+I+have+always+wondered+why+it+has+to+take+so+long+for+us+to+publish+our+results+and+by+the+time+we+are+done+it+is+no+more+"new".+I+had+the+experience+of+waiting+more+than+one+year+recently+to+get+a+paper+published+from+the+time+of+submission+and+commencement+of+review+to+acceptance+took+about+15+months!+I+think+it+can+be+better+than+this.+At+the+end+of+the+day+the+many+reviews+requested+by+the+reviewers+did+not+change+the+fundamental+findings+of+the+study.+Another+thing+is+that+busy+reviewers+keep+reviews+pending+for+too+long+a+time,+imagine+waiting+for+one+reviewer+for+3+months+and+in+one+case+I+had+a+reviewer+who+kept+the+editor+and+me+waiting+for+about+6+months!+This+is+not+good+for+the+academic+community.+If+a+reviewer+is+too+busy+he+should+decline+the+review+and+editors+should+not+insist+on+particular+reviewers+and+keep+authors+waiting+unnecessarily+for+too+long.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2512577901
 136. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2512577901
 137. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2512577901
 138. 
 139. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2511897002
 140. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2511897002
 141. 
 142. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2511853531
 143. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2511853531
 144. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=On+a+recent+paper,+published+ADSAP+and+soon+to+appear+in+print,+it+was+reviewed+twice,+the+last+after+I+had+made+several+of+the+revisions+requested+(very+helpful)+but+some+remained+unchanged+which+I+justified.++This+did+not+satisfy+one+reviewer+who+persisted+in+some+misconceptions+and+implicitly+questioned+my+expertise.++I+successfully+defended+the+revised+manuscript.
In+the+past,+I've+reviewed+several+papers,+mostly+for+the+ACS+Information+Science+Journals.+Back+in+the+day+of+written+reviews+and+the+report+on+carbon+paper+stacks,+one+had+the+option+of+letting+the+reviewers+signature+go+through+to+the+author's+copy.++I+agreed+with+the+advice+of+Eugene+Garfield+and+always+let+the+author+know+who+reviewed+the+paper.++That+option+is+no+longer+available.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516507519
 145. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2516507519
 146. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2516507519
 147. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Well,+don't+doubt+it+at+all.
What+is+the+goal+of+publishing?+
Isn't+to+make+results+or+ideas+public+so+that+as+many+people+as+possible+can+read+it+and+benefit+from+it,+scientifically+speaking?+
This+is+exactly+what+Preprint+servers+offer+and+they+offer+it+for+FREE+and+FAST!+What+to+ask+more?
So,+YES,+Preprint+servers+are+good,+even+EXCELLENT.+
Then,+if+a+paper+is+published+in+"traditional+or+prestigious+journals"+about+the+same+subject,+you+will+have+the+merit+to+be+the+first+who+addressed+it.+No+scope+for+the+paper+published+in+the+prestigious+journal.
Do+you+really+find+any+difference+to+read+an+article+here+or+elsewhere?+
Are+the+letters+or+words+printed+here+in+"gold"+or+"diamond"+and+in+"tin"+in+other+journals?+
All+print+journals+are+printed+in+either+black/white+on+the+same+paper+material+or+they+are+published+online+and+readable+in+either+in+Internet+Explorer,+Firefox+or+PDF+or+HTML+formats!
That's+it.
Gone+the+days+that+only+a+few+rich+publishers+who+were+having+money+to+buy+big+printers+and+papers+to+print+and+distribute.
We+are+in+a+new+era:+the+era+of+online+and+Internet.+No+difference,+all+pages+are+white+(or+virtual).&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508982287
 148. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508982287
 149. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508982287
 150. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Its+the+'benfit'+part+you+seem+to+be+overlooking.+There+is+no+benefit+in+wide+dissemination+of+shoddy+work.+This+isn't+about+the+form+that+a+scientific+contribution+is+ultimately+presented+in+(I+can't+remember+the+last+time+I+actually+handled+a+bound+paper+journal)+but+the+reliability+of+the+information+within+that+contribution.+There+are+plenty+of+high+quality,+electronic-only+journals+out+there+that+haven't+bought+big+printers,+don't+charge+for+colour,+and+have+reasonably+rapid+turn+around+times,+but+they+maintain+good+peer+review+practices+so+the+work+they+publish+is+of+high+quality+also.+'Free'+and+'fast'+are+not+good+criteria+for+a+scientist+wanting+to+know+where+to+focus+their+(very)+few+reading+hours.+'Reliable'+and+'significant'+are+far+better,+and+that's+what+peer+review+is+supposed+to+be+there+to+ensure.+In+this+era+of+electronic+communication,+many+of+the+traditional+journals+now+actually+'publish'+a+paper+three+times:+once+as+an+accepted+manuscript,+once+as+a+typeset+preprint,+and+once+with+the+full+volume+and+page+numbers.+The+first+two+of+these+will+be+electronic+only,+the+last+will+be+both+hard+copy+and+virtual.+With+initiatives+like+this+speeding+things+up+already,+if+you+aren't+prepared+to+wait+for+peer+review+then+what+are+you+trying+to+hide?&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509010898
 151. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509010898
 152. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509010898
 153. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=If+you+are+ready+to+wait+for+years+or+as+long+as+the+examples+given+here,+much+good+may+it+do+to+you,+but+I+cannot.+Most+authors+cannot.+
I+can+wait+for+a+few+weeks/months+if+I+feel+the+manuscript+will+be+really+accepted+with/out+minor+or+major+revisions,+but+not+for+months+or+years+to+get+a+rejection.
The+'shoddy+work"+you+are+talking+about+is+simply+a+personal+judgment.+The+opinions+diverge+as+people+do.+Everyone+has+a+different+judgment.++
Do+you+really+think+that+all+published+papers+in+top-tiers+journals+are+worthwhile?+
You+are+certainly+familiar+with+misconducts+in+research+and+you+certainly+have+heard+about+retraction+of+papers+in+top-tiers+journals.+
The+quality+is+thus+open+and+a+debatable+question.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509085458
 154. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509085458
 155. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509085458
 156. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=As+we+are+indeed+debating+it.+And+as+I've+said+below,+the+variation+in+perception+and+emphasis+is+the+reason+that+peer+review+is+normally+a+2-4+person+process,+including+the+editor.+Shoddy+work+is+not+just+a+personal+judgement,+there+are+very+clear+rules+within+the+scientific+method+and+if+you+choose+to+ignore+them+or+subvert+them+(as+I+have+seen+done)+the+work+carries+less+intrinsic+value.+I+am+really+intrigued+as+to+why+you+cannot+wait+a+little+while+to+get+the+work+published.+How+long+did+you+spend+conducting+it?&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509093673
 157. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509093673
 158. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509093673
 159. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=As+JPC+D+said,+waiting+for+a+year+and+then+getting+rejection+is+not+nice.+This+Nature+article+is+well+written.+When+scientists+do+their+work,+they+want+to+publish+the+work+and+let+the+public+know+what+they+found.+Peer+review+is+important+but+even+some+controversial+scientific+findings+have+gone+through+peer+review+system+later+to+find+the+errors+they+contain.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513118132
 160. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513118132
 161. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2513118132
 162. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Well,+my+treatment+clearly+shows+that+the+system+is+broken.+To+basically+be+told+to+"go+play"+by+the+editor+and+two+reviewers+of+the+journal+after+having+been+the+author+or+co-author+of+dozens+of+technical+reports+and+papers+is+insulting+and+non-professional.+I+did+not+expect+instant+publication,+but+at+least+professional+feedback+and+request+for+rewrite+and+resubmittal.+I+have+scratched+that+journal+off+of+my+list,+both+as+a+subscriber+and+potential+place+to+publish.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508914874
 163. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508914874
 164. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508914874
 165. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Commiserations+on+your+treatment.+However,+your+experience+and+your+reaction+to+it+are+great+examples+of+the+sorts+of+credibility+feedback+in+the+system.+

There+is+one+journal+in+my+field+that+was+once+the+absolute,+unquestioned+leader.+However,+it+started+to+get+a+reputation+as+an+old+boys'+club,+younger+researchers+started+to+find+it+hard+to+publish+unless+they+were+proteges+of+leading+names,+and+as+a+reviewer+I+noticed+that+my+recommendations+were+often+completely+ignored+(even+where+fairly+significant)+if+the+authorship+of+the+manuscript+included+people+that+the+editor+was+friendly+with+or+didn't+want+to+upset.+This+came+to+a+head+a+few+years+ago+when+one+article+I+reviewed+so+badly+misrepresented+itself+(e.g.+unconstrained+samples+taken+from+a+waste+heap+dressed+up+as+representative),+and+provided+interpretation+entirely+unsupported+by+data,+that+I+came+as+close+as+I+ever+have+done+to+recommending+rejection+without+even+writing+a+report.+A+few+months+later+I+received+the+current+contents+alert+for+that+journal+and,+lo,+there+was+the+paper,+almost+unaltered+from+the+original+manuscript.+A+few+months+on+from+that+I+happened+to+bump+into+the+associate+editor+who+has+handled+that+submission+and+flat-out+asked+why+she+had+let+such+a+poor+piece+of+work+through.+Her+response+was+"I+know,+but+the+editor+overruled+me".

Needless+to+say,+I+haven't+reviewed+for+them+again,+and+I+won't+be+publishing+with+them+either.+In+the+last+few+years+this+once-leading+journal+has+had+its+impact+factor+dwindle+and+has+been+overtaken+by+two+others+in+the+field.+Clearly+it+is+not+just+me+who+has+doubts+about+the+quality+of+the+work+they+present.+However,+it+is+not+"the+system"+that+is+broken,+but+its+implementation+at+that+journal.+Scientists+talk+outside+of+our+journal+submissions,+and+if+you+think+that+a+journal+is+behaving+badly+then+it+will+certainly+be+a+topic+that+gets+raised+over+a+beer+or+two+at+the+next+conference.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509037953
 166. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509037953
 167. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509037953
 168. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I,+too,+have+seen+papers+published+by+"giants+of+the+discipline"+that+read+as+so+much+dribble+and+could+only+have+been+published+because+of+their+name,+not+content.+Then+again,+I+have+heard+the+same+is+true+about+famous+paperback+authors+too.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509967909
 169. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509967909
 170. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509967909
 171. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=There+is+no+difference+between+papers+posted+on+Preprint+servers+and+any+other+journals+(even+the+most+prestigious+ones).+They+are+readable+and+readers+can+judge+by+themselves.+Those+who+rely+on+the+(Where)+rather+than+(What)+authors+publish+does+not+deserve+the+name+of+'scientists'.+
With+Preprints+no+one+can+scope+you;+your+interesting+idea+is+already+published+and+even+if+prestigious+journals+publish+on+the+same+idea+as+the+yours,+you+have+the+merit+to+be+the+first+to+report+on+it+and+you+have+the+proof+(your+Preprint+version).+That's+all+the+merit.
Administrators+are+often+"business+guys"+who+think+money+much+more+than+science.+Don't+let+business+guys+or+immature+administrators+spoil+science+with+biased+visions+on+where+one+should+publish.+
If+scientists+in+the+past+(Romains,+Greek,+Mandel,+Einstein,+etc.)+were+hindered+by+biased+peer-review,+we+would+not+enjoy+from+the+scientific+knowledge+we+enjoy+nowadays.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508688440
 172. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508688440
 173. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508688440
 174. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Moreover,+Preprint+version+is+free+to+read+for+all.+The+whole+world+can+read+what+the+scientists+have+found.+Top+journals+ask+money+to+read+what+science+has+found,+This+is+causing+barrier+in+the+progression+of+science.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513127460
 175. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513127460
 176. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2513127460
 177. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=So+your+solution+is+to+entirely+do+away+with+the+peer+review+process?+Frankly,+that's+a+very+bad+decision+and+I+really+do+have+to+question+your+motivation+for+that.+Sure,+some+people+who+are+specialist+in+their+field+may+be+able+to+judge+a+paper+on+its+strengths+and+flaws,+but+many+papers+are+read+by+people+who+are+not+already+completely+familiar+with+a+topic+and+are+attempting+to+learn+something+new.+That+is,+after+all,+the+whole+point+of+publishing.+Peer+review+shouldn't+be+biased,+but+the+reason+there+are+normally+two+or+three+reviewers+in+addition+to+the+editor+(and+also+associate+editor+in+many+cases)+is+that+scientists+are+human+and+opinions+vary.+This+is+a+strength+of+peer+review,+not+a+weakness.+Preprint+servers+offer+cheap+and+quick,+but+does+that+mean+good?+I+doubt+it.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508824031
 178. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508824031
 179. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508824031
 180. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=As+I+again+write+it's+not+necessary+peer+reviewed+material+would+be+flawless.+Lately+I+have+seen+reports+of+fake+studies+published+in+Nature+and+Science.+This+is+certainly+worrisome.+Some+scientists+have+deviated+from+honest+path+and+the+scientific+integrity+is+at+stake.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513130569
 181. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2513130569
 182. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2513130569
 183. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Don't+doubt+it+at+all.
What+is+the+goal+of+publishing?+
Isn't+to+make+results+or+ideas+public+so+that+as+many+people+as+possible+can+read+it+and+benefit+from+it,+scientifically+speaking?+
This+is+exactly+what+Preprint+servers+offer+and+they+offer+it+for+FREE+and+FAST!+What+to+ask+more?
So,+YES,+Preprint+servers+are+good,+even+EXCELLENT.+
Then,+if+a+paper+is+published+in+"traditional+or+prestigious+journals"+about+the+same+subject,+you+will+have+the+merit+to+be+the+first+who+addressed+it.+No+scope+for+the+paper+published+in+the+prestigious+journal.
Do+you+really+find+any+difference+to+read+an+article+here+or+elsewhere?+
Are+the+letters+or+words+printed+here+in+"gold"+or+"diamond"+and+in+"tin"+in+other+journals?+
All+print+journals+are+printed+in+either+black/white+on+the+same+paper+material+or+they+are+published+online+and+readable+in+either+in+Internet+Explorer,+Firefox+or+PDF+or+HTML+formats!
That's+it.
Gone+the+days+that+only+a+few+rich+publishers+who+were+having+money+to+buy+big+printers+and+papers+to+print+and+distribute.
We+are+in+a+new+era.+The+era+of+online+and+Internet.+No+difference,+all+pages+are+white+(or+virtual).&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508978951
 184. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508978951
 185. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508978951
 186. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+sent+a+paper+out+beforehand+to+the+editor+of+a+prestigious+multi-author+volume+dedicated+to+Gulf+Coast+archaeology+for+review,+edit,+and+comment.+After+receiving+his+blessings,+I+submitted+my+paper+on+the+San+Patrice+culture+to+a+premier+archaeological+journal.+The+archaeological+journal+rejected+it,+citing+one+reviewer+as+basically+saying+that+Dalton+ruled+the+South+and+San+Patrice+was+an+upstart+that+needed+to+be+put+in+its+place+in+the+order+of+things.+The+other+anonymous+reviewer+stated+that+there+was+no+such+thing+as+a+deeply+stratified+archaeological+site+in+the+uplands,+that+they+were+all+deflated.+The+reviewer+went+on+to+say+that+anybody+who+thought+otherwise+was+a+crackpot+who+did+not+deserved+to+be+published.+These+reviewers+were+clearly+bias.+Reviewers+should+weight+the+science+and+merit+of+the+paper,+not+judge+it+based+on+whether+they+personally+agree+with+the+subject+or+its+results.+I+protested+the+attitude+and+unprofessional+responses+of+the+two+reviewers+to+the+journal,+which+then+rejected+my+request+to+have+the+paper+sent+to+different+reviewers.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508428566
 187. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508428566
 188. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508428566
 189. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Thanks+for+these+valuable+comments+and+discussion+on+this+topic.+As+editor+of+this+story,+I+want+to+speak+to+the+point+earlier+in+this+comment+stream,+suggesting+that+the+scientists+in+it+who+received+multiple+rejections+did+so+because+their+work+'wasn’t+very+good'.+We+considered+this+in
the+reporting+and+editing.+We+chose+these+stories+because+they+are+typical+of+many+researchers’+experiences,+and+also+because+the+reporting+suggested+that+the+work+was+of+good+quality:+once+it+was+published,+it+was+favourably+received+by+other+researchers.+++

Regarding+the+point+that+Nature+should+disclose+its+interests+-+the+story+tried+to+make
that+clear.+We+highlighted+Nature’s+wait+times+in+the+article,+and+our+reporter+included+comment+from+Nature’s+editorial+director,+as+a+representative+of+the+journal+component+of+the+publication.++Nature’s+journal+and+magazine+components+have+editorial+independence.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508014720
 190. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508014720
 191. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508014720
 192. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I+did+not+understand+what+you+wrote:
once+you+wrote+"their+work+wasn’t+very+good"
then+you+wrote+"the+work+was+of+good+quality:+once+it+was+published,+it+was+favourably+received+by+other+researchers"
So+was+it+good+or+not?+
I+my+opinion+this+only+proofs+that+Editors+(as+every+human)+makes+mistakes.+You+should+have+at+least+courage+to+see+the+truth+before+our+eyes.+For+me+if+other+researches+used+and+cited+the+work+it+is+more+important+than+if+it+was+published+in+Nature.

And+please+do+not+say+that+you+want+to+spare+reviewers+by+not+sending+too+many+manuscripts+for+peer+review+(we+already+working+for+free+and+I+do+not+think+this+makes+difference+for+you).+Why+do+you+think+Editor+can+judge+in+10+minutes+better+than+two+or+three+reviewers+in+few+hours.+Your+job+is+to+wait+for+reviews+and+then+having+them+in+hands+deciding,+if+the+reviews+are+contradictory,+then+you+add+extra+reviewer+and+that+is+it.+Now,+a+lot+of+editorial+rejections+are+only+politics,+who+is+who+etc.+Please,+show+me+10+publications+from+last+10+Nature+issues+which+were+published+by+young,+"inexperienced"+researches+(small+number+of+publications,+institution+outside+USA+or+Europe,+not+supported+by+PI+who+is+in+the+field+&gt;20-30+years).+Good+luck.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509585503
 193. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509585503
 194. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509585503
 195. 
 196. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2509066558
 197. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2509066558
 198. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=With+due+respect+to+the+scientists+interviewed,+perhaps+their+work+was+favorably+received+upon+publication+thanks+to+the+efforts+of+the+reviewers+and+editors+at+the+publishing+journal.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508766645
 199. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508766645
 200. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508766645
 201. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Actually,+over+50%+of+the+blame+is+on+"top"+journals+editors+(this+is+the+level+of+editorial+rejections).+They+simply+reject+papers+without+review+with+formal+letter+only.+The+true+reasons+are+never+presented.+This+is+totally+grey+zone+(they+can+do+what+they+wish+and+nobody+complains+as+maybe+...+maybe+...+one+day+in+future+they+will+allow+me+to+publish+here+so+I+must+be+nice+not+to+close+the+doors).

And+from+IF&gt;10+I+could+say+from+personal+experience+(&gt;10+years+in+science)+that+more+important+is+who+are+the+authors,+not+how+important+is+the+content.+Content+must+be+ok+obviously,+but+if+the+manuscript+author's+list+do+not+contain+well+known+PI(s)+in+the+field,+Nobel+prize+winners,+prestigious+institutes+in+affiliation+you+can+forget+about+publishing+something+there.+Simply,+you+are+wasting+your+time.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507781823
 202. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507781823
 203. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507781823
 204. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=In+defence+of+the+'notoriously+slow'+social+sciences+it+should+be+pointed+out+that+most+of+our+major+journals+appear+much+less+frequently+-+quarterly+or+bi-monthly+so+that+there+is+inevitably+more+of+a+lag+between+acceptance+and+publication+within+a+constrained+page+budget.+The+various+online+early+view+schemes+have+helped+with+this+but+don't+necessarily+influence+some+of+the+metrics+quoted+here.+As+an+editor,+my+biggest+frustration+is+probably+the+time+taken+to+find+reviewers.+Each+person+who+is+approached+and+declines,+or+doesn't+respond+at+all,+adds+about+14+days+to+the+timeline.+With+my+journal,+we+are+commonly+approaching+4+people+to+get+two+volunteers+and+have+had+to+go+to+as+many+as+12+on+some+occasions.+As+others+have+commented+here,+the+community+has+not+solved+the+problem+that+scholars+as+authors+want+prompt,+timely+and+constructive+reviews+while+the+same+scholars+as+reviewers+don't+want+to+be+distracted+from+their+own+research+or+other+professional+commitments+which+count+for+much+more+in+the+performance+reviewed+world+of+many+universities.+I+doubt+whether+preprints+are+going+to+make+much+impact+because+they+are+unlikely+to+count+for+much+in+the+metrics+respected+by+university+managements.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507779989
 205. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507779989
 206. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507779989
 207. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Good+point+about+the+differences+in+frequency+of+journal+publication,+Robert.+I+also+wanted+to+note+that+your+experience+of+having+to+approach+a+dozen+or+so+people+to+find+2+peer+reviewers+for+a+paper+was+echoed+by+other+editors+I+spoke+with+in+my+reporting.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508026178
 208. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2508026178
 209. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2508026178
 210. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=in+short:+when+real+science+meet+the+wall.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507728427
 211. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507728427
 212. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507728427
 213. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Besides+a+long+time+taken,+an+important+point+is+that+many+a+times+reviewers+of+even+editors+do+not+have+a+proper+understanding+of+the+field,+and+their+decision+(of+rejecting+an+article)+are+based+on+their+little+or+no+knowledge+of+the+subject.+

As+a+recent+example,+I+submitted+a+manuscript+(SREP-15-08404)+to+the+Scientific+Reports,+wherein+it+was+showed+that+nearly+30%+of+unstimulated+bone+marrow-derived+dendritic+cells+(BMDCs)+dies+off+at+24+hours+time+point.+Despite+a+number+of+article+showing+similar+results+(e.g.+'A+Bcl-2-dependent+molecular+timer+regulates+the+lifespan+and+immunogenicity+of+dendritic+cells',+URL:+http://www.nature.com/ni/journal/v5/n6/full/ni1071.html),+the+manuscript+was+rejected+with+editor's+comment+"The+major+problem+and+the+strong+reason+for+the+rejection+is+that+the+PI++cells+(necrotic)+in+control+conditions+are+about+30-40%.+It+is+too+high+to+accept.+This+shows+basic+culture+conditions+are+not+optimum."+

If+we+talk+about+appeal,+I+must+mention+here+that+it+took+nearly+one+month+for+the+above+manuscript+to+undergo+editorial+review+(priority+review).+And+Nature+journals+took+the+appeal+secondary+which+means+another+2+to+3+months+or+so.+

Therefore,+the+publishing+in+the+journals+is+really+a+frustrating+and+time+consuming.+Moreover,+acceptance+or+rejection+is+(many+a+times)+just+a+matter+of+chance.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507673564
 214. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507673564
 215. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507673564
 216. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=My+personal+observation+places+more+of+the+blame+on+the+authors+than+the+journals.

As+mature+scientists,+we+should+be+able+to+judge+what+does+and+doesn't+deserve+to+be+written+up.++The+papers+we+write+should+be+clear+and+have+meaningful+conclusions.++We+should+be+able+to+judge+which+journal+is+the+appropriate+venue,+at+least+by+the+second+try.

I+review+plenty+of+papers+that+need+only+minimal+comments+because+the+authors+write+well+and+are+convincing.++Those+authors+rarely+complain+about+protracted+review+processes.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507523727
 217. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507523727
 218. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507523727
 219. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=You+can+hardly+blame+the+delay+caused+by+shopping+around+at+several+journals+on+the+editing/reviewing+process.+The+time+taken+by+the+reviewers+is+also+a+function+of+the+number+of+papers+being+published.+Reviewers+themselves+are+under+the+same+pressure+as+authors+(to+publish+more+and+more).+One+could+ask+Fraser,+how+many+papers+has+she+reviewed+and+how+much+time+did+she+take+each+time?+Did+she+just+rubber+stamp+everything+as+fine,+or+did+she+suggest+improvements/alternatives?+Quickly+rubber+stamping+everything+would+definitely+speed+up+the+process.+It+would+also+make+for+terrible+science.

Most+troubling+is+the+idea+that+"reviews+don't+fundamentally+change+the+conclusions".+Why+bother+with+reviews,+because+it+doesn't+really+change+the+conclusions?+This+is+a+classic+sign+of+bad+science+and+bad+scientists.++Good+science+is+not+about+the+headlines+but+about+the+details.+Whether+the+headlines+are+valid+or+depends+entirely+on+boring+details.++The+headline+can,+should+and+does+change+things+"fundamentally"+if+what+is+suggested+by+the+reviewers+doesn't+work+out.+The+headline+could+be+completely+wrong,+partially+wrong,+wrong+in+a+certain+context,+or+right,+depending+on+the+details.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507237113
 220. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507237113
 221. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507237113
 222. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=There+is+clearly+a+conflict+of+interest.+Nature+and/or+Nature's+publishers+clearly+benefit+from+the+current+publication+system.+They+cannot+present+themselves+as+"neutral+hosts"+for+the+discussion,+they+must+fully+disclose+their+interests+in+the+game,+either+Nature's+and/or+the+publishers.+Authors+and+reviewers+work+for+free,+for+the+rest+there+is+a+lot+of+money+at+stake;+all+card+on+the+table,+please.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507182830
 223. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507182830
 224. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507182830
 225. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=There+is+another+model+-+submit+to+an+agency+with+your+preferred+4-5+journals.+The+agency+sends+it+out+for+review,+and+the+reviewers+suggest+which+journals+are+most+appropriate.++The+agency+sends+the+reviews,+with+the+paper,+to+the+most+appropriate+journal.++https://axiosreview.org/+is+doing+it!&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507153488
 226. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507153488
 227. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507153488
 228. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Axios+is+surprisingly+effective:+once+we've+found+a+journal+that+wants+the+paper+to+be+submitted,+the+acceptance+rate+rises+to+85%.+Better+still,+only+half+of+the+accepted+papers+were+sent+for+additional+review+by+the+journal.+These+percentages+are+based+on+hundreds+of+articles+and+include+papers+in+good+field-specific+journals+like+Ecology+Letters,+American+Naturalist+and+Molecular+Ecology.

[PS+I+founded+Axios+and+am+hence+not+a+neutral+observer,+but+since+what+we're+doing+is+so+relevant+to+the+problems+raised+in+this+article+I+thought+it+worth+adding+a+comment]&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507182843
 229. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2507182843
 230. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2507182843
 231. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=A+somewhat+similar+situation+to+those+described+in+the+article+was+a+large+factor+in+my+decision+to+leave+academia+and+pursue+a+career+in+industry.++A+paper+that+was+a+large+part+of+my+dissertation+was+sent+out+for+lengthy+review+at+three+journals+before+it's+ultimate+publication,+and+each+iteration+resulted+in+several+months+of+addressing+reviewer+criticisms.++Ultimately,+I+ended+up+spending+nearly+two+years+doing+experiments+that,+as+described+in+the+article,+strengthened,+but+did+nothing+to+change+the+major+conclusions+instead+of+being+able+to+pursue+the+genuinely+exciting+hypotheses+generated+by+the+research.
I've+since+discovered+that+the+need+to+produce+and+sell+a+physical+product+streamlines+industrial+science+and+encourages+much+more+rigor+than+academia+where+the+need+to+publish+quickly+in+top+tier+journals+disincentivizes+questioning+of+positive+or+flashy+results.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506951898
 232. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506951898
 233. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2506951898
 234. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=What+is+a+'good+journal'+and+what+is+a+'good+paper'+Mister+the+Reviewer+for+decades?
Have+you+ever+heard+about+something+'subjective'?+
You+might+like+Hamburger+but+others+do+not+necessarily,+and+inversely.
Sorry,+but+people+like+you+are+harming+the+science.+
Preprint+is+the+solution.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506921837
 235. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506921837
 236. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2506921837
 237. https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Reading+this+article+troubled+me;+not+because+of+the+supposed+wait+times+for+publication,+but+because+the+authors+interviewed+apparently+couldn't+take+a+hint.+To+have+multiple+out-of-hand+rejections,+without+review,+strongly+suggests+that+the+manuscript+or+work+that+they+were+trying+to+get+out+simply+wasn't+very+good.+As+a+reviewer+I+have+frequently+had+manuscripts+turn+up+on+my+'desk'+that+are+almost+unreadable;+poor+structure,+bad+English,+absurd+diagrams,+you+name+it.+Then+you+have+the+work+itself,+which+in+many+cases+has+significant+flaws+(some+of+which+can+be+fairly+sneakily+obscured)+and+even+outright+misinterpretations+of+simple+data.+These+are+usually+reasons+that+I+will+send+a+fairly+terse+message+back+to+the+editor+with+a+flat+rejection+recommendation,+or+at+least+one+for+significant+revisions.

Compared+with+when+I+started+reviewing+work,+over+a+decade+ago,+it+seems+to+be+more+common+now+that+authors+treat+the+peer+review+process+as+a+glorified+copy+edit.+I+have+had+more+than+one+university+academic+comment+to+me+on+this,+using+phrases+amounting+to+'let's+just+get+it+submitted,+we+can+tidy+it+up+after+the+review'.+This+is+simply+not+ethical+on+the+part+of+the+author,+as+almost+all+reviewers+are+unpaid+and+do+not+have+time+to+try+and+assess+the+scientific+merit+of+work+(peer+review's+principal+function)+through+a+fog+of+abysmal+grammar,+illogical+structure,+poorly+supported+assertions+dressed+up+as+conclusions,+and+incomplete+descriptions.

My+experience+is+that+if+you+receive+an+outright+rejection,+either+before+or+after+review,+this+isn't+a+comment+on+the+length+of+time+that+a+paper+takes+to+get+published,+but+the+quality+of+your+written+work.+Good+journals+will+accept+good+papers;+some+are+faster+than+others+at+processing+the+review,+but+this+apparent+'journal+shopping'+process+is+just+authors+wanting+to+find+the+best+home+for+under-par+work,+without+actually+putting+the+effort+in+up+front+to+make+sure+that+their+manuscript+is+of+a+quality+commensurate+with+the+journal+they+are+submitting+to.&url=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506673148
 238. http://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320#comment-2506673148
 239. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320/#comment-2506673148
 240. http://www.nature.com/news
 241. http://www.nature.com/news/cattle-drug-threatens-thousands-of-vultures-1.19839
 242. http://www.nature.com/news/software-error-doomed-japanese-hitomi-spacecraft-1.19835
 243. http://www.nature.com/news/antibody-infusions-provide-long-term-defence-against-hiv-like-infection-1.19832
 244. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v532/n7600/full/532438a.html
 245. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v532/n7600/full/532440a.html
 246. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v532/n7600/full/532439a.html
 247. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v532/n7600/full/532442a.html
 248. http://www.nature.com/news/the-week-in-science-22-28-april-2016-1.19819
 249. http://blogs.nature.com/aviewfromthebridge/2016/04/27/a-world-of-change/
 250. http://www.nature.com/news/the-quiet-revolutionary-how-the-co-discovery-of-crispr-explosively-changed-emmanuelle-charpentier-s-life-1.19814
 251. http://www.nature.com/news/scientists-worry-as-cancer-moonshots-multiply-1.19822
 252. http://www.nature.com/news/devastating-wheat-fungus-appears-in-asia-for-first-time-1.19820
 253. http://www.nature.com/news/seven-chemical-separations-to-change-the-world-1.19799
 254. http://www.nature.com/news/ai-talent-grab-sparks-excitement-and-concern-1.19821
 255. http://www.nature.com/news/australia-softens-blow-of-climate-job-cuts-1.19831
 256. http://www.nature.com/news/speak-up-about-subtle-sexism-in-science-1.19829
 257. http://www.nature.com/news/plant-protein-behaves-like-a-prion-1.19824
 258. http://www.nature.com/news/killer-landslides-the-lasting-legacy-of-nepal-s-quake-1.19803
 259. http://www.nature.com/news/researchers-push-for-personalized-tumour-vaccines-1.19801
 260. http://www.nature.com/news/problematic-images-found-in-4-of-biomedical-papers-1.19802
 261. http://www.nature.com/news/ealert-intermediate-page.html
 262. http://feeds.nature.com/NatureNewsComment
 263. http://www.facebook.com/NatureNews
 264. https://twitter.com/naturenews
 265. http://www.nature.com/news/does-it-take-too-long-to-publish-research-1.19320
 266. https://twitter.com/naturenews
 267. http://www.nature.com/news/the-quiet-revolutionary-how-the-co-discovery-of-crispr-explosively-changed-emmanuelle-charpentier-s-life-1.19814?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 268. http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/newsnature.com/article&sz=300x100&t=&abr=!webtv&artid=530148a&ptile=2&sz=300x100&pos=right&submeta=npg_subject_37,npg_subject_76,npg_subject_276,npg_subject_479&ord=8180074152145644?;c=901
 269. http://www.nature.com/news/cattle-drug-threatens-thousands-of-vultures-1.19839
 270. http://www.nature.com/news/software-error-doomed-japanese-hitomi-spacecraft-1.19835
 271. http://www.nature.com/news/antibody-infusions-provide-long-term-defence-against-hiv-like-infection-1.19832
 272. http://www.nature.com/uidfinder/10.1038/nature.2016.19759
 273. http://www.nature.com/uidfinder/10.1038/news040329-6
 274. http://www.nature.com/uidfinder/10.1038/532415a
 275. http://www.nature.com/news/top-content-article-page-7.799?article=1.19320&tab=7.801
 276. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/532415a
 277. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/532415a#comments
 278. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/532013a
 279. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/532013a#comments
 280. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/nature.2016.19715
 281. http://www.nature.com/doifinder/10.1038/nature.2016.19715#comments
 282. http://www.nature.com/news/top-content-article-page-7.799?article=1.19320&tab=7.11333
 283. http://www.nature.com/news/software-error-doomed-japanese-hitomi-spacecraft-1.19835?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 284. http://www.nature.com/news/killer-landslides-the-lasting-legacy-of-nepal-s-quake-1.19803?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 285. http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/newsnature.com/article&sz=300x250&t=&abr=!webtv&artid=530148a&ptile=3&sz=300x250&pos=right&submeta=npg_subject_37,npg_subject_76,npg_subject_276,npg_subject_479&ord=627439119589996?;c=546
 286. http://www.nature.com/news/ai-talent-grab-sparks-excitement-and-concern-1.19821?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 287. http://www.nature.com/news/antibody-infusions-provide-long-term-defence-against-hiv-like-infection-1.19832?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 288. http://www.nature.com/nature/podcast/index-2016-04-28.html?WT.mc_id=SFB_NNEWS_1508_RHBox
 289. http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ad?iu=/285/newsnature.com/article&sz=160x600&t=&abr=!webtv&artid=530148a&ptile=4&sz=160x600&pos=right&submeta=npg_subject_37,npg_subject_76,npg_subject_276,npg_subject_479&ord=4000811175758796?;c=538
 290. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs/541325-faculty-search-for-zhejiang-university-china-hundred-talents-program-hangzhou-china
 291. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs/541327-grand-stage-for-great-players-ccid-recruiting-principal-investigators
 292. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs/542489-talents-wanted-programme-faculty-search-for-the-school-of-environment-beijing-normal-university
 293. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs/546269-research-engineer-research-scientist-in-renewable-energy
 294. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs/557045-faculty-positions-at-idg-mcgovern-institute-for-brain-research-at-peking-university
 295. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/orders/new
 296. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs
 297. http://www.nature.com/npg
 298. http://www.nature.com/npg_/contact
 299. http://www.nature.com/info/accessibility_statement.html
 300. http://www.nature.com/help
 301. http://www.nature.com/info/privacy.html
 302. http://www.nature.com/info/cookies.html
 303. http://www.nature.com/info/legal_notice.html
 304. http://www.nature.com/info/tandc.html
 305. http://www.nature.com/naturejobs
 306. http://www.natureasia.com/
 307. http://www.nature.com/scitable
 308. http://www.nature.com/webfeeds
 309. http://www.nature.com/nature/about/index.html
 310. http://www.nature.com/nature/about/contact/index.html
 311. http://www.nature.com/nature/about/editors/index.html
 312. http://www.nature.com/nature/awards/index.html
 313. http://www.nature.com/info/copyright_statement.html
 314. http://www.nature.com/info/partners.html
